Limits of Liability / Disclaimer of Warranty: The authors and publisher of this book and the accompanying materials have used their best efforts in preparing this program. The authors and publisher make no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, or completeness of the contents of this program. They disclaim any warranties (expressed or implied), merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. The authors and publisher shall in no event be held liable for any loss or other damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential, or other damages. As always, the advice of a competent legal, tax, accounting or other professional should be sought. The authors and publisher do not warrant the performance, effectiveness or applicability of any sites listed in this book. All links are for information purposes only and are not warranted for content, accuracy or any other implied or explicit purpose. This manual contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized use of this material is prohibited. Adobe, Adobe Acrobat and related names are the property or Adobe Systems Incorporated. No relationship with or endorsement of this publication by Adobe Systems Incorporated should be inferred. TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION: A WISE INVESTMENT!....................................................................................................................................4 CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY ...................................................................................6 THE WISDOM BEHIND HOW THE IRS VIEWS YOU ............................................................................................................................... 6 UNWISE BUSINESS IDEAS ........................................................................................................................................................................8 TYPES OF BUSINESSES AND THE IMPACT ON BUSINESS CREDIT .......................................................................................................... 9 CHAPTER 2: BUSINESS CREDITOLOGY 101 .............................................................................................................................12 THE THREE BUREAUS ...........................................................................................................................................................................12 SOME BASIC BUSINESS CREDIT CONCEPTS .........................................................................................................................................14 THE SCORING MODELS OF THE DNB...................................................................................................................................................15 PERSONAL GUARANTORS AND GUARANTEES DEMYSTIFIED ............................................................................................................. 17 CHAPTER 3. GETTING MERCHANT CREDIT ...........................................................................................................................19 WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW BY NOW .....................................................................................................................................................19 TYPES OF VENDORS THAT WILL GIVE YOU INSTANT CREDIT ............................................................................................................. 19 WHY VENDOR CREDIT IS IMPORTANT .................................................................................................................................................22 CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES.........................................................................................23 TRUE BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS ...........................................................................................................................................................23 WHO GIVES OUT BUSINESS CARDS? ....................................................................................................................................................24 WHAT’S AN UNSECURED CREDIT LINE AND HOW IT FUNCTIONS ..................................................................................................... 25 CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN................................................................................26 WATCH AND FOLLOW THE GURU IN ACTION TO LEARN ................................................................................................................... 26 THE FIRST FEW UNSECURED CREDIT CARDS AND A CREDIT LINE OF UP TO $100K ...................................................................... 30 YEAR 1 AND BEYOND .............................................................................................................................................................................31 THE OTHER OPTION: SHELF COMPANIES:.............................................................................................................................33 DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY .....................................................................................................................................................33 WHAT A BROKER ISN’T GOING TO TELL YOU ...................................................................................................................................34 TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONT'D) CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING ................................................................................................................................................................................ 36 APPENDIX OF VENDORS.................................................................................................................................................................37 APPENDIX OF BANKS ......................................................................................................................................................................48 INTRODUCTION: A Wise Investment! G u r u Says... “The world of business credit consists of two separate groups of people, the Masters and the Apprentices. The main divider between both is knowledge, for there is nothing the Master can do that the Apprentice can’t.” You now have the one source that will save you thousands of dollars in lost broker fees, bad advice and scams. For some, that’s worth the price of the book already. If I had a teacher (in a book or in person) like this when I was starting out building my business credit, it would have saved me countless of hours of research, headaches and awful expensive advice. When I was an Apprentice in the world of Business Credit, I ran into countless brokers or business credit services providers in this market who knew nothing, yet charged $6000 - $25,000 a pop for shelf companies, credit lines and other over the top offers. I often heard tall tales about what is and isn’t possible with a company. I was confused, distraught and felt completely lost in the dark. Every second that passed by, I felt that I was somehow losing ground. If you find yourself in the same situation, rest assured, you are not alone. This is the common fate of the business credit Apprentice. Alternatively, business credit Masters exist and operate in a different realm. They flow in and out of the business world being able to attain lines of credit, credit cards, and letters of credit without any difficulty. They are rarely ever led astray or misled for they know what is possible and what isn’t. Not only are they able to guide their own credit identities using certain time tested principles, but they also never ask any business credit brokers for advice even though some may opt to use a broker’s services. For our purposes, these Masters are considered Gurus. They can exist as teachers, leaders or at the very least knowledgeable entities in the realm of business credit. I am a Guru. And if you’re willing, I’m going to teach you how to become one. What you’re reading now is a straight to the point hands-on approach to understanding and creating business credit for your startup. That’s right; Startup. And not the kind that has raised $50M from a venture capitalist in Silicon Valley. I’m talking about the old fashioned startups that most of us create on a shoestring (or non-existent) budget. Throughout the book, I assume you have no revenues and no clients. If you find yourself in a better position than that, good, but it’s hard for me to imagine a startup in a worse position. Frankly, it doesn’t even matter if you’re incorporated yet and actually better if you’re not as I discuss the benefits and problems with each individual entity. I lay it all out for you in an easy to read guide that you can come back to over and over again. As you’ll notice, the book is rather brief. Being a Guru, I have no time or use for fluff and neither do you. I cut through the falsifications and exaggerations to deliver the truth. The truth rarely requires explanation. You need a fast and straight to the point approach because you’re not going to get it from very many other sources on the internet. Before moving forward, you should know that I’ve created this book from a perspective of knowledge and giving. It is so important in understanding and getting business credit that if you took away all of the bankers I have come to know, all the credit specialists I speak to regularly, all the seminars I’ve attended, all the websites and user forums I’ve researched, and left me just this book, I would know all of what I needed to know to launch a business, get credit and spend almost nothing out of my own pocket! Now that’s what a Guru would teach you. I am the Guru and you are my Apprentice. Let’s Get Started. IMPORTANT If you like what I have to say and are looking for some great passive income opportunities I discuss later in the book, do us and yourself a huge favor. Become an affiliate with the Business Credit Guru and promote this book. As you’ll see, I don’t tout myself as being a Guru for no reason. I know the ins and outs and have no need to lie to exaggerate the truth. Help your fellow entrepreneurs get the right education in this oft elusive market. We give away large commissions to our affiliate partners and even let you in on marketing tips and secrets for generating regular income. Click here to learn more and join. CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY G u r u Says... “A properly organized company will bear many fruits from the business credit tree.” The Wisdom Behind How the IRS Views You In our world, the IRS cares about one thing and one thing only: getting paid what’s owed to them. They couldn’t care less as to who is doing the paying as long as someone, or something, pays them what’s owed. There is an entire world of wisdom in that realization yet it escapes many business owners. Instead, many entrepreneurs start off in the wrong direction right away by assuming that their business and they are one and the same. They’re not. The IRS doesn’t seem to want to agree with that idea. So why should you? You are a separate entity from your business unless you’re a sole proprietor. G u r u Tip Sole Proprietorships usually come with big and often dire consequences to the entrepreneur in the realm of business credit. G u r u Recommendation “Stay Away from Them!” Let’s clarify. When you go to a CPA to file taxes at year’s end, the IRS taxes both you and the business. Of course, it’s a lot more complicated than that, but the IRS already knows that (unless you are sole proprietorship) you and your business are two different entities. They treat you like two different entities. This is advantageous. If your business is separate from you, then so should be your business credit. Our goal in creating business credit is simply to get everyone to view us as separate entities, and not just the IRS. Our dilemma of course is that initially credit bureaus, banks and other merchants don’t view us as separate entities. They don’t behave like the IRS in allowing you to separate yourself from your business at the onset. In this case, it is not to their advantage. They don’t have any security in the business as it has not produced any revenues and don’t have a track history of prompt payments. What’s worse is that throughout the life of a business, most owners won’t do enough to separate themselves from the business. Business owners are so busy creating revenues (as they should be) or lining up funding that the world of business credit is as foreign a concept to them as nuclear engineering. Remember when you were young and your parents told you that establishing good credit history will save you a lot of headache and money over the years? Well they were right! The Guru is now telling you that as an entrepreneur establishing credit history for your business is just as important and if not more important than your personal credit history. Your business is a source of income for you. A way to pay bills and perhaps one day lead a lifestyle you read about in books or watch in movies. The only thing you can count on for income after yourself (and perhaps your spouse) is your business. And as such, it should be treated with respect, nurtured, regularly monitored, and cultivated. I can’t tell you the number of times I get business owners who want credit after being in operation for 3 years and haven’t ever taken a look at a copy of their business credit report. I think this is just amazing and massively detrimental. Some have no other source of income other than the business yet when I mention things such as “Your business credit score is too low” or “There are tax liens on your business credit profile” they get insulted, frustrated and of course angry. The reason being is that most of the time when someone *really* wants business credit, it’s at the 11th hour when they’ve finally gotten an opportunity to buy something at wholesale prices from a foreign source, or a large purchase order from a major manufacturer. And as we all know, anything done in the 11th hour is expensive, frustrating and often bears ill results. G u r u Tip Not Being Aware of Your Business Credit Score is a Recipe for 11th Hour Frustrations and Let Downs G u r u Recommendation “Regardless of whether you are starting a knitting shop selling your blankets for $4.99 a pop or a software company trying to secure it’s first $30M in seed money, stay AWARE of your business credit!” Unwise Business Ideas There are a few things you need to stay away from as far as startup ideas are concerned. The reasons for this are simple. As a startup you’re already viewed as a risk. 90% of startups fail in their first year, and so vendors are leery of new businesses. If I was selling laptops and you came up to me to let me know you’re A) a startup B) would like a credit line C) don’t want to give me a personal guarantee D) don’t want me to check your credit and E) want me to only hold the company responsible for repayment, I’d wish you the best of luck and walk away. I suppose it’s a good thing that I don’t run Dell, Home Depot and Staples, because they’ll honor that kind of request, but we’ll get into that later. Right now let’s concentrate on getting some basics out of the way so the remainder of the path isn’t confusing. There are a few business ideas that seem like they’re home runs on paper but in truth are going to lead you into some serious credit problems down the road. If you’re starting up and looking for business ideas, these are a few to stay away from. If you’ve got a multi billion dollar plan for one of these ideas, I definitely don’t want to tell you to abandon it. Just know that the deck is stacked against you as many people will refuse to deal with you on ethical, legal or financial accountability basis. Here they are: i. Anything associated with Adult Entertainment ii. Online Gambling Casinos iii. A Business that buys/sells Financial Notes iv. A Real Estate Investment Firm (my personal favorite) The first category, Adult Entertainment, doesn’t really need to be explained in too much depth so I’ll skip it. Just know that putting anything remotely associated with the industry is automatic grounds for denial for most banking credit and quite a few merchants as well. The second category is where it gets interesting. A while ago, I got approached by a group of young kids trying to startup an online casino; they called it “poker school”, and wanted to amass large credit lines to handle their cash inflows and outflows. Apparently these guys were some local poker sharks in the area and had amassed quite a bit of money as they were talking about paying someone $50K to set up a shelf company (discussed later) and get some credit going for them. They heard about me from one of my Apprentices turned Guru and were really excited about my methods. At the time, I had never considered going down this road for a potential client base and was a bit excited by the challenge. I called around a few banks and got one of my trusted expert credit officers on the line and discussed the idea with him. He flat out told me that 99% of the banks he knew of would consider this request simply because of their industry. I was quite taken aback. Apparently gambling institutions are not a hot ticket item for banks despite the obvious cash flow implications. Some banks won’t even let these institutions open up checking accounts. The reasons for this vary from State to State, but the gist is that as gambling is outlawed in most states, and any entity dealing with gambling not pre-approved by the state is going to be penalized. Since banks are the most regulated institutions in the country, it’s no surprise that no one wants to take any risk associating themselves with an outfit that is potentially doing something illegal. Most banks simply won’t risk it. G u r u Tip Developing Credit and Banking Relationships is Key to becoming a Guru Financial note sellers and real estate investment firms are lumped into the same category as far as banking relationships are concerned. Both are considered high risk industries due to the sheer amount of defaults, non payments, and inexperienced managers. Real estate investment firms are especially frowned upon because of the lack of stability in this market on “flipping” properties. Startups looking for money or credit are always troublesome and heavily scrutinized. Many companies that have long business histories often have the idea of buying distressed real estate properties and start looking for credit to do so. Though its certainly possible to attain business credit lines, explicitly getting credit for investment purposes is usually grounds for an automatic denial. From a financing perspective, being as expensive as they are with respect to interest rates, general investing simply does not deliver the type of return that would make the credit line worth while anyway. Types of Businesses and the Impact on Business Credit In order to become a Guru, first you must learn about foundations of business legalities. The reason being is that in most cases it’s important to understand how a C corporation gets credit versus how a Partnership would get credit. I use the term credit loosely for the time being. I will start dissecting its meaning in a few chapters down the road. For now, it’s sufficient to know that credit is granted by someone or something and that entity, the Credit Grantor, is who we are focused on. In the world of business credit, what kind of legal entity your company is, has a direct impact on how credit will be granted to you. A Buddhist belief beckons that boredom is one of the keys to enlightenment. If that’s so, the following section is both, enlightening and boring. G u r u Tip Credit Grantors view the world in a different way. Evolving from Apprentice to Guru requires one to take a look from their perspective and not your own. Sole Proprietorships In the world of Gurus and Credit Grantors, Sole Proprietorships are always a sign of hidden problems. As an entrepreneur, they do little for you. They offer limited protection from any lawsuits and do not create a separate business identity aside of a tax ID number and a starting platform for doing business. Typically, I consider these the lazy way to be in business. As I said earlier, I advise against Sole Proprietorships. Things such as personal tax liens and collections can easily be reflected in your business credit profile. Your personal credit will rebound quickly from these types of faux pas, but your business credit will not. There are plenty of entrepreneurs out there who have operated for years as a sole proprietorship and then decide to incorporate as either an S or C corporation. In my professional experience, 80% of this group often has hidden liens, judgments and collections that are showing not only against their personal credit but also on their business credit. These are rather difficult to eliminate, so why even bother with the hassle? G u r u Recommendation “Don’t be lazy. If your business is producing income; incorporate.” Partnerships These are a better option for business credit rather than sole proprietorships, but still have some serious limitations. First limitation is that a partnership is again, a “de facto” way to be in business without really taking the time to incorporate. Hence, it too, offers little protection. Each partner is considered a sole and separate entity that is joined with the other(s) to transact under one Tax ID number. This advice is of course limited to small business entrepreneurs and not established corporations that decided to form a partnership agreement to do business under. The problem we often run into here though is that Credit Grantors usually look at the partners as equal shares in the company. This may work against those in the situation where one partner’s credit score is terrible (we’re going to need credit scores to get business lines of credit and credit cards). In that case, little if anything can be done. Corporations There are two types, S and C corporations. Despite the common perception that C is better than S in business credit decisions, I have never experienced any proof of why this is or if it’s even a valid statement. Both are fine. And both leave quite a bit of wiggle room when a business owner has bad credit scores. Getting alternative guarantors on corporations is easy as updating with the state’s filing status and appropriate papers and then waiting for seasoning requirements by banks. LLC’s In the business world, the added advantage of an LLC over a corporation is that through a few residential lenders, the LLC can get independent residential financing. Residential financing can be granted to a LLC, instead of the individual, if the loan to home value ratio is low (usually 65% or lower). The credit scores of the owners of the LLC (or the operating managers) have to be good to grant this loan and the LLC has to be an income generating business that can pay the balance of the mortgage through its profits. There are (to date) NO stated or no income documentation programs. I mention this little tidbit of information for the large sea of would be real estate investment firms that are constantly looking for business credit. This is one way with one caveat. If you’re a LLC with an array of credit lines and are arranging a loan to buy residential real estate, you’ll have to show how you’re coming up with the large down payments. In the case when I’ve worked with LLC’s who were borrowing against credit lines to come up with the down payment, the request was always declined. Always! Business credit for LLC’s is easily attainable but once again, just as in the case of the corporations, the overwhelming majority of managing partners need to have stellar credit in order to qualify for the bank credit lines and credit cards. This advice applies to startups and business entities that do not have an established business credit history. There are ways to qualify for both without personal credit checks or at the least, without as much emphasis on personal credit. G u r u Tip LLC’s and Corporations have equal weight in the business credit world with LLC’s having the added advantage of being able to qualify for certain types of financing by themselves CHAPTER 2: BUSINESS CREDITOLOGY 101 G u r u Says... “When in Doubt, Understand that All Knowledge Extends From a Few Fundamental Concepts.” The Three Bureaus In the last section you may have picked up on me referring to bank credit lines and merchant lines of credit. If you were confused about how these differ, I will clear them up in this section. But, let’s start with the bureaus first. Understanding the what, the who, and the how of the organizations that are actually creating and monitoring your company’s business credit will greatly help in understanding the range of what is and isn’t possible. G u r u Tip Credit Grantors look at the data from credit bureaus to determine if a corporation is worthy of credit. G u r u Recommendation “Learn as much as you can about the different types of credit bureaus and how they keep score” There are multiple credit bureaus in the business credit world and just like in the personal credit market, they are not run by a governmental body. All credit bureaus are independent organizations that operate by selling credit information to businesses or consumers. In the business realm, there are 3 major credit bureaus and a few minor ones. The big three are: Dunn and Bradstreet (DNB) Experian Business Equifax Business By far, the most commonly used bureau is Dunn and Bradstreet, or DNB for short. Unlike the personal credit markets, businesses inquiring about another entity’s credit do not pull all three bureaus. The reason being is that it’s simply too expensive. On average, each report can cost anywhere from $9.99 to $149.99 for a single pull without a volume account. If pulling all three bureaus was the norm, businesses would be spending potentially $400+ getting credit for a company. On average, most companies will pull two credit reports: DNB and Experian. The major difference between the bureaus is the number of businesses each one reports on in its database and the scoring system(s) they use. Each bureau has a separate and unique scoring system. We’ll dive into these systems later, but for now its enough to know unlike the personal credit market where a 700 score means the same thing for all three personal credit bureaus, a 225 score from DNB is not the same as a 225 score from Experian Business (225 doesn’t even exist as a potential score from Experian). Experian Business and DNB credit reports on a business account for 99% of all the reports I have come across to date. Once a business requests credit from a given merchant or bank the vendor will pull a credit report through one of these bureaus. For example, let’s say a small distribution company called Pacific Distribution sells office products to Bay Area law firms. In an effort to expand business, the shareholders decide to court a big Southern California client and receive a huge order for various office products. Let’s also assume that Pacific Distribution is a very small outfit (3 man show) and is incredibly cash poor. Instead of paying their suppliers in cash which would leave them severely depleted in reserves, the owners rather request a $50,000 revolving credit line from each supplier to help manage cashflows. To date, Pacific has made no such request from any vendor and its business credit profile has never been pulled. If all the suppliers use Experian to pull credit, Experian will be the first one notified that Pacific Distribution is seeking credit and will create a new file for the company. There is little the owners can do to modify the information provided to the credit bureau and cannot proactively create a new file with Experian. The reason why this is important is that DNB is the only bureau to date that provides a way for new companies with no pre-existing relationships with suppliers or other vendors to create a credit file. After getting a Tax ID number, the shareholders or officers of that organization can call the DNB proactively and request a DNB number (DUNS number) for their company. They can also input preliminary information such as length of time in business, names of shareholders, sales, employees, etc. G u r u Tip The DNB uses a proprietary online credit management system called DNBi. It is by far the most comprehensive database of information on over 100 million companies. Credit Grantors often use this system to request information about a particular company. Once a DUNS number is assigned, a new credit file for the company is created and an overall score, called the Paydex, is provided. The Paydex is one of 3 different scores used by DNB to provide credit information on a company. What the Paydex is and its importance is discussed later, but what’s important to note here is that the Paydex is just one of a few different scoring systems from DNB. There are others (Commercial Credit Score and Financial Stress Score). The Paydex can be built to really high levels but in the end it’s PART of the entire picture, not all of it. Some Basic Business Credit Concepts Most suppliers (or vendors), such as office supply stores, gas stations, computer outfits, usually use DNB to grant store credit to a given legal entity. In other words, if I was to create a brand new C-corporation in state of California with a DUNS #, I can request a store credit card or credit line from RadioShack or OfficeMax with nothing more than my DUNS# and my incorporation papers. Usually, no credit checks are used and in quite a few cases personal credit information is not even requested. When a retail business grants credit to be used within its chain of stores (I’m using the word stores loosely, it can mean anything from gas stations, office supply stores, etc) I call it vendor or merchant credit. Vendor credit can be easily and quickly built from a slew of well known vendors as big as Staples and Texaco, to ghost stores that don’t sell any products but can be used to inflate the size of your credit lines. This latter of type of credit is often associated with shelf companies that we will discuss in depth in later chapters of this book. For the time being it is sufficient to know that the concept exists. Bank credit, unlike vendor credit, is a parallel concept to credit cards. Banks give unsecured (as in they do not encumber any asset) credit lines to organizations that are within the bank’s credit risk. Depending on various banks, the risk assigned to a specific borrowing entity may entirely or partially depend on factors such as: Company’s credit scores and the scores of the guarantors Company’s Industry Company’s credit grade Amount of time present management has been in place Revenues and Income of the Company Length of time company has been in business These credit lines can be used for any business purpose but are most often used for proper cash flow management. Bank credit lines always require prime credit scores from the guarantors, not necessarily the shareholders. To qualify, the guarantors must be one of the officers of the company that are mentioned in the company’s Articles of Incorporation or Operating Agreement. G u r u Tip You should see now why its beneficial to have a corporation or LLC instead of a sole proprietorship, general partnership, etc. Guarantors are not the same as the shareholders of the company and can come and go. This leaves for a lot of maneuverability down the road. The Scoring Models of the DNB As a startup, or an established business with little prior business credit history, you really need to focus only on one type of business credit bureau. And that happens to be the DNB. DNB offers multiple scores, as in more than one, on a given company and there are three that we need to really take a look at: 1) The Paydex 2) The Overall Commercial Credit Score and 3) The Financial Stress Score. The Paydex is the easiest score to maintain and is often mistaken as the only score the DNB provides. As they say in France, “au contraire mon frere”. This mentality is a true novice mistake. Many an entrepreneur with perfect Paydex scores have gone down the path of requesting credit and financing only to be declined because of “Serious Derogatory or Delinquency” items found on the credit report. I can’t begin to tell you the number of times I have found myself discussing this issue with clients. The Paydex is used as an indicator for how prompt the company is in paying its bills. That’s it. It’s not the end all be all of credit scores and is only part of the picture. The following chart breaks down the scores of the Paydex and what they mean: D&B PAYDEX Score Payment Habit 100 Anticipate 90 Discount 80 Prompt 70 15 days beyond terms 60 22 days beyond terms 50 30 days beyond terms 40 60 days beyond terms 30 90 days beyond terms 20 120 days beyond terms UN Unavailable Alternatively, the Commercial Credit Score (CCS) is the next big item and is often completely overlooked by entrepreneurs when assessing their own company’s creditworthiness. The importance is akin to the overall FICO score of the company and is often used in determining whether a company is creditworthy. It is this score that is often the determining factor in bank credit line decisions. The Commercial Credit Score creates a statistical model for the likelihood of a company being delinquent, or 90 days past terms to any of its vendors over the next 12 months. In other words, the CCS, shows whether or not the company may default or be delinquent at some point in the future. It’s a predictive score that anticipates when a company will generally pay its bills. A table of these scores and how they rank is provided below: Commercial Credit Score Credit Score Credit Score Percentile Class 536-670 91-100 1 493-535 71-90 2 423-492 31-70 3 376-422 11-30 4 101-375 1-10 5 If it’s not obvious from the table, anything below a 400 Commercial Credit Score is usually grounds for automatic denial of credit. I have seen few companies with scores below 400 get approved for bank credit lines. Once a company reaches and maintains itself among the higher echelons of credit scores in the chart above, less emphasis is put on the personal FICO score of the shareholder in credit based decisions. G u r u Tip The Paydex and Commercial Credit Score account for most of the criteria that Credit Grantors look for when approving or declining a credit request. To determine how much credit to grant is dependent upon the recommended credit limit by the bureau. G u r u Recommendation “Periodically check your business credit scores. It never hurts to know how good or bad you look to a Credit Grantor.” The final score that is taken into consideration is the Financial Stress Score. This score predicts the likelihood of a firm going out of business without paying its creditors in full, reorganizing, filing for bankruptcy protection and/or relief from its creditors over the next 12 months. Here is the scoring model used by the DNB: Financial Stress Score Financial Stress Incidence of Percentile Stress Score Financial Score Range Class Rang Stress 1377- 1 21-100 0.49% 1875 1353- 2 11-20 1.37% 1376 1303- 3 5-10 3.73% 1352 1225- 4 2-4 8.30% 1302 1001- 5 1 35.80% 1224 All scores are normalized using other factors such as company size in terms of employees, annual revenues reported from the year prior, public filings, trade payments made, length of histories with vendors, etc and given a fourth rating, called a Composite Credit Appraisal. These can be classified into two separate categories: 1) companies that provide financial data to DNB and 2) companies that don’t. The latter, and this is important, can never get above a “Good” or 2 rating on the system. To get the highest rating possible, A1, a company must report its financials to the DNB. As a startup, the only scores you need to worry about for right now are the Paydex and the Commercial Credit Score. Once we get into how to create business credit, I’ll dive into both of these a bit more and how you should monitor them. For right now, just think of this section as a good reference guide. Personal Guarantors and Guarantees Demystified A great deal of ignorance lies in this statement: “I want to get $1M in business credit but I don’t want to give out a personal guarantee.” Every time you find yourself thinking of such a statement, understand that you are thinking like an Apprentice and not a Guru. Gurus know that personal guarantees are a part of every, and I do mean, every credit and lending decision. Even credit cards have within them a personal guarantee clause. Essentially, all a personal guarantee is that you pledge your assets (your bank account, your home, your cars, and your credit) to the payment of a specific debt. A personal guarantee means that you are personally guaranteeing the debt. A bank or a merchant would be foolish not to ask for one. It would be like me going up to you to buy something from your store and saying “I don’t want to be held liable for the debt in case I can’t make payments on this item.” That’s a pretty foolish request. Yet many are lulled into this false sense of security that personal guarantees are somehow not needed on certain financing and credit decisions. It simply isn’t true. Checking personal credit and/or encumbering personal assets though are completely separate matters. A personal credit check may be required by the Credit Grantor to ensure that the individual asking for the credit request is credit worthy. In other words, does the individual have a good personal credit history that shows a track record of making prompt payments on similar requests when credit has been granted? This step may or may not be a part of a given credit decision. To encumber something on the other hand, in the business sense, means to put a physical lien or other security instrument against it. That is considered collateralizing your assets to secure a loan and is not the same as a personal guarantee. Therefore, a guarantor is an individual (or group of individuals) who have the assets and/or the credit to support the prompt payment of the credit request plus the interest. In credit and lending decisions, a guarantor personally guarantees repayment of debt through their own assets in case the debt defaults. A lender may or may not choose to collateralize the guarantor’s assets to complete this guarantee. It is not always required. G u r u Tip You’d be surprised to find out that a few individuals don’t understand this simple concept and use the terms credit checks and guarantees synonymously. If in doubt, ask what they mean. CHAPTER 3. GETTING MERCHANT CREDIT G u r u Says... “Once the fundamentals are known to the Apprentice, the journey towards becoming a Guru consists of fortitude, perseverance and exercising their knowledge” What you should know by now I neglected to put this section at the end of the last chapter because reviews are most beneficial when done beginning an experience, rather than when ending it. Before moving forward, I have provided some terms that you should have a good understanding of by now. From this point forward, I will use these terms interchangeably: DNB, DNBi Equifax Business Experian Business Business Credit Bureaus Commercial Credit Score Paydex Financial Stress Score DUNS Numbers Vendor Credit Lines Bank Credit Lines Personal Guarantors Personal Guarantees Credit Grantor Types of vendors that will give you instant credit We will now begin to take our knowledge of the fundamentals and begin to create credit. If you’re with me so far, the next few sections and chapter are the equivalent of a graduate course in business credit. I will go through step-by-step how we’re going to get your company from where it’s at currently to have a large amount of credit lines from vendors and banks in as short of a time as possible. Believe it or not, phone companies, wireless providers and a whole slew of office product companies will give your company credit without any financial or personal credit information. These are the easiest types of vendor credit to attain and being a startup our goal is to get a total of 20 vendors reporting to our business credit file in 90 days. Here are the *types* of merchants that grant credit to startup firms. Phone Companies and Local Broadband AT&T is available in most areas and they provide an easy way to get a business account. All you need is your Tax ID information and maybe your articles of incorporation/organization to verify that you are in fact a legitimate business. Usually, a phone company will setup an account for you without using any personal credit information. The only thing that I would suggest here is to find a way to get yourself in your local pages listing. This will help you in getting listed in case a merchant decides to do company verification. Most phone companies will provide this as an option for you and if they do not, do ask your sales representative on how you can get this setup. G u r u Tip An 800 number greatly enhances the profile of your company and makes it look like more than just you running your firm out of your home. G u r u Tip “Always make sure your company has an 8** number” Next, your representative should give you the option of setting up a broadband type of service (via cable or DSL) through your account. This is also a good idea, though you may want to shop around for the cheapest provider as its not always necessarily going to be your phone company. Depending on what you’re doing with your business, I highly recommend starting slow and then building up. And that means starting cheap. DSL/cable modems can be instantly activated to faster speeds so there’s no need to get the latest greatest services available with high transfer speeds. Start making some revenue first and then upgrade as you see fit. Your phone company may also ask you if you’d rather use VOIP (voice over IP) service. This is gaining in popularity and is cheap, fast and flexible. If you’re on a shoestring budget and need to place a high volume of calls for your business but can’t afford the long distance charges, this is not a bad option. Just ensure that you are listed in the phone books and have a 411 listing to your business. That should accommodate what we’re trying to accomplish. Wireless Wireless phone providers (Sprint, Nextel, T-mobile, AT&T, etc) ALL provide business accounts for startup companies. I’ve found though that the page links to get started with ordering business services is not readily available on their websites. Instead, you’ll have to call into the new customer service departments and ask for information on how to setup business accounts. One of the reps will usually provide information (in some cases, they may ask you to visit a local dealer with a copy of your articles of incorporation/organization and a utility bill of your company). In all cases, these wireless companies will grant as many as 20 lines for your firm. If you need them, they’re there, but having seen quite a few entrepreneurs start companies and fail, I have some golden advice for you. Only spend cash if it somehow increases your productivity, increases your revenue or decreases your expenses. Don’t increase your monthly expenses in the hopes that down the line the increase will help in increasing productivity. This is a gamble that 90% of the time causes startups to be upside down in expenses before they get out of the gate. Spend wisely. Think of it as an investment. If there are 4 of you in the firm and they’re giving away 20 lines, only take 4. G u r u Tip Business credit is not free money. Don’t be exuberant. Buy only what you can afford to pay back. Office Supply Stores The easiest merchants to get credit out of are office supply stores. Staples, Officemax, Office Depot and even online e-commerce stores like Nebs and Quill regularly grant credit. These stores grant super small lines ($300 - $1000) for your company but then once you have an established history with them, they will easily jack these lines up to as much as $5000. That’s a lot of office supplies if you ask me. Almost all of these stores have a separate business credit section built into their websites. If for some reason you can’t find it, call one of the 800 numbers for the stores and ask for a credit application for your business. You will get one emailed and or faxed to you right away. Large Technology Outfits Firms like Dell, IBM, HP and Xerox love granting small credit lines to newly formed companies though you must have a history of a few accounts with positive trade history reporting to the DNB before this step can be taken. Before going to these outfits, ensure that you have at least 5 other vendors on your credit profile that have been around for at least 90 days. Once you’re over that hump, you can list the new vendors as reference accounts and then start with a small business credit line from these companies. Gas Stations Texaco and Chevron are among the few gas companies that regularly give out business credit lines without a personal credit check. I have yet to see something similar from Amoco or Exxon. With a few credit lines built into your credit profile and a few vendors reporting (ideally you want to have total credit up to $2500 before you go down this route) you can start applying to Texaco and Chevron. Don’t go overboard with credit limits; try requesting a modest credit limit of $300 to get everything started. Every month you are welcome to call in and ask for an increase. Once you have a few months of track history with these firms, you can apply for additional or supplemental lines with companies like 76, Circle K, and BP Amoco. Other Retail Giants The final category, and often the most difficult to qualify for, is the retail giants such as The Home Depots, Best Buy and Circuit City. The trick to getting qualified here is to have at least $7500 in credit built up that is reporting on your business credit profile with, of course, no history of late payments and a super high Paydex score (75+). Once you are at this stage, applying for credit with these large outfits is easy. In the case when they ask for personal information, I have often told my Apprentices to leave it blank. Surprisingly, we found a 50% approval rating when the business was for at least 6 months or more, had a good DNB profile and a high Paydex along with $7500 in credit from other vendors. Why Vendor Credit is Important In 6 – 12 months of starting to apply for business credit, you can easily build $10K in vendor credit (if you’re still not convinced I will give you a step by step approach soon enough). Once there, your company has enough credit to compete with a normal average 19 year old teenager. In other words, your company begins to take an identity of its own. You, being the owner or shareholder, should treat it as such and furtively promote your business as a separate identity when applying for credit. But why is any of this important? Why can we not just start applying for credit cards and bank lines of credit? The answer lies in understanding what vendor credit does to the overall credit score of your company. Simply put the more vendors are reporting on your company’s credit profile, the more robust your company appears. Credit Grantors will always look for a detailed credit history of any business entity that they are about to grant credit to. The longer, broader and more diverse this history appears in a credit profile, the more your company is operating as its own entity and the less it matters of the individual personal fico scores of the shareholders (guarantors will always be required for loan or credit requests). CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES G u r u Says... “The final frontier in credit development lies in attaining unsecured credit.” True Business Credit Cards When I was a business credit Apprentice, I knew a family member who started a business and was able to get $50K in credit cards virtually overnight. When asked how, he replied “Simple. I have great credit.” If you and your shareholders have great credit, applying for an unsecured business credit card is a cinch. Simply go to any of the credit card companies I mention in the next table, apply for a credit card and you’ll wind up getting one virtually overnight. Just ensure that among the plethora of offers these companies regularly endorse on the table, the card you are applying for is truly unsecured. In other words, that the business credit card shows up only on your businesses credit profile. I’ve done most of the work for you and given you some good hard and fast rules for each company, their qualification criteria if it was available, and then the contact information for each. Despite this information, I don’t consider these offers “true” business credit cards. In my perspective, no personal credit check should be required in order to grant an unsecured credit card to a business. If you’ve done a good job of separating your business from your own identity, than there area few companies that offer credit cards without personal credit checks. One such entity is discussed in this book in the following section. Out of the gate as a startup, you’re not going to qualify for true business credit cards. The reason being, of course, most do not have established business credit history and definitely not enough merchants reporting on your credit profile. If you are in the situation where you don’t mind having your personal credit run and can qualify for one of these credit cards, your goal is to get 3 – 5 unsecured business credit cards on your profile along with 20 – 25 vendors reporting. If you establish good positive trade history with each of your merchants, pay your bills on time and keep your balances low (don’t max out your credit cards) then applying for credit as a business becomes a whole lot easier down the line (6 – 12 months of positive credit history at the minimum). There are a few companies that offer true business credit cards and I show you in the next few sections how to find them and apply for them. Who Gives out Business Cards? Quite a few companies regularly give out business credit cards. But they are not really selling their own credit cards...they are usually using their own logos and branding but someone else’s programs to make you qualify for credit. Here are the largest business credit card companies I know of. I call them the “usual business credit card suspects”: ABN AMRO* GE Business Card Advanta Business Services HSBC Bank USA * Bank of the West Huntington National Bank Chase Manhattan Bank * Key Bank USA Citibank USA, N.A LaSalle Bank Comerica Bank, N.A. * MBNA America Bank, N.A. FIFTH THIRD BANK QuickBooks® Business MasterCard First Hawaiian Bank Standard Federal Bank First National Bank Of Omaha * As promised earlier, I’ve done most of the work for you. I’ve broken down three of the top credit granting companies for startups, the types of programs they offer, and where they offer them. Some companies even offer working capital loans and leases, but as a startup most are going to base their decision off of personal credit. Advanta Business Will consider new companies Services Annual Sales Volume: not to exceed $10 million - No minimum years in business - Up to $50,000 in working capital - Your business name at the top of the card - Additional cards for employees - Rewards and discounts Key Bank USA In business 1 or more years Geography: AK, CO, ID, IN, ME, MI, NH, NY, OH, OR, UT, VT, WA The Home Depot MasterCard In business for 1 or more years with established business credit Geography: Nationwide What’s an Unsecured Credit Line and How it Functions Unsecured lines of credit are revolving bank credit lines given to companies and do not show up on the owner’s personal credit reports. The words “unsecured” comes from the fact that these credit lines do not require any collateral and do not encumber any assets of the business owner (remember our discussion of personal guarantors?). In other words, no physical lien is put against the personal property of the entrepreneur. The worst most banks will do is put a UCC filing that will encumber the assets of the business up to the point of the size of the line of credit. But even that is rare. There are two main types of LOC’s: the ones requiring no income documentation and the ones requiring full documentation. The former are aggressive programs that provided by certain big national or regional banks. The latter are usually the product of small community banks that are spread across the country. The main differentiator is this. No income documentation programs always, and I do stress always, require prime credit from each guarantor. There are no exceptions to date and I don’t presume that there will ever be. Banks operate on risk mitigation. To think like a bank, you have to start asking yourself the following question, if this was my money, would I lend to someone else in my position and if I could, how would I ensure I get my money back? That’s risk mitigation. How do you mitigate the risk of lending to someone that’s looking to borrow? For banks, part of the risk can mitigate itself if the borrower has high credit scores. Typically, these borrowers have a lower chance of defaulting on loans and have demonstrated responsibility in payments. Thus, in the absence of any income documentation, credit can be extended to these borrowers by virtue of their high personal credit scores, their industries, their business credit scores and their declared annual revenues from the year prior. That last statement should raise an eyebrow or two. “Last year’s gross income?” you should be asking yourself. “But if that’s the case, how do shelf companies get lines of credit when in fact they’ve made no money?” By lying about income. That’s bank fraud and a common Apprentice mistake. Be very careful about shelf companies and shelf company providers. All banks, and I list a few of them in this book for you; look for a declaration of income. If you’ve bought a shelf company, your gross income is $0. How you qualify for bank lines of credit is a completely separate matter. If you are a prime borrower (have great FICO’s), have a company that has been around for more than 2 years, you can qualify for up to 20 – 25 % of your company’s gross annual sales from the year prior from each lending institution that is listed in the appendix. Simply navigate to the websites indicated, by state, and look for the small business section. You’re looking for a business credit line, not a loan, but a revolving credit line on these sites. These lines are interest only and are usually referred to as SBAExpress Credit Lines, Business Express Credit Lines, or Business Credit Express Lines. CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN G u r u Says... “Follow the footsteps of those that have gone before you.... ...and never get swept off your feet.” Watch and Follow the Guru in Action to Learn In the past few chapters I’ve given you just enough of what you’ll need to establish credit for your startup company. But I’m not finished yet. We’re now going to create business credit for a company as if I was doing it myself and narrating my actions. As the Apprentice, all you have to do is follow my lead for the same results with your company. Step 1: Incorporation As I advised you earlier, incorporation is the key. Before I do anything, I incorporate. And before incorporate, I file for a Tax ID Number. I connect to the IRS website and request a Employer Identification Number (Click here to request one). This is synonymous with a Tax ID number. Next, I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as The Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. I choose 100 shares for no par value and assign them to myself. I also grant myself the positions of the President, Secretary and Treasurer. I do this because the Business Credit Guru is confident of his personal credit scores. If you find that you do not have confidence of your personal credit, please read my alternate book: The Business Credit Guru: Bad Credit Business Credit Guide and I show you how to get around bad credit problems. I could not address this vast subject in this book especially as it doesn’t apply to everyone opening a startup. Once filed, I choose an option for delivery from The Company Corporation and then I wait. Once I receive my package, I immediately open a business checking account. Step 2: DNB Profile, DUNS, and ScoreBuilder My next step is to create a DNB profile, get a DUNS number and signup for the ScoreBuilder program. Start by visiting http://www.dnb.com/us and selecting to get a D-U-N-S number. At the time of the publishing of this book, this option was a link on the upper right of the page. If that has changed, remember that the D-U-N-S number is absolutely free. There is no charge and despite what anyone tries to sell you, all you need for starters is the number and the ScoreBuilder package for reporting on vendors. Next I want to create an online account for my company and sign in to create my company profile. Here, I’ll list myself as the CEO, tell them the number of employees I have and my revenues. The only item that I want to explain a bit further here is the ScoreBuilder. In the business credit world, vendors and banks don’t HAVE to report to the credit bureaus. It is an option for them. Some do, some don’t. Unlike personal credit bureaus that rely on creditors to proactively report on payment trends, the DNB allows business owners the option to have a service placed on their account where DNB goes out and monitors your payment trends on given vendors. Even though there are some gurus that are purists and do not wish to go down this route, I find that typically, this is a great way to add vendors that you pay in full every month to build your company’s Paydex credit score to high levels fast (within 90 days). The payment trends will also be reflected in the Commercial Credit Score also. Step 3: DNB, Phone Lines and Broadband In what follows, I will follow a formula that has a pretty good hit rate for most startup companies in my experience. For companies already in existence, applying the formula below may take some finagling depending on how your credit is currently. If your Paydex score is flawed and you have liens on your credit report (best to pull the DNB $150 comprehensive insight report on yourself to find out), you most likely will not be able to repeat the following with the same results. In this case, refer to the business credit repair section on where to go next. Once I’ve established a DNB number, the next step is to open a business phone line and get broadband service with my DNB number (if needed) and my Tax ID number. This can be done without the Article of Incorporation and so I’m not going to wait for them to arrive in the mail. I ensure that my company’s address is different than my residential address (if I don’t have an office I use Postal Annex to create an artificial forwarding address). The simple reason for this step is once this information is enlisted with the DNB, the information becomes public and I do not want my home address out there for everyone to see. A private mailbox with a local Postal Annex and will have suite numbers instead of PO Box numbers and do the job of creating a separate mailing address rather quickly. Once my business phone lines are established, I list my company with the Yellow Pages with the new phone number and the new address. Upon receiving my first phone bill, I will add in my phone company as a vendor for my ScoreBuilder profile. Throughout this entire endeavor I will ensure that I pay all my bills on time. G u r u Tip Remember that we are trying to build credit. Prompt payment of the entire bill is required to get stellar credit scores. Step 4: Adding Wireless and Office Vendors Next, large office supply vendors, such as Staples are good about giving out small credit lines to companies but need a copy of a utility bill showing your address. Since I have already received my first phone bill I will apply for a credit line of $750 at http://www.staples.com for a business credit account. While I’m at it, I also open a business account with NEBS (http://www.nebs.com) and QUILL (http://www.quill.com). Once approved on all three, I add them to my ScoreBuilder profile. I fully know by this time the amount of total credit I’m approved for ($750 from Staples, $300 from Quill, and $300 from Nebs in most cases). On my business credit report, after 30 days of these vendors being added, I will show three trade lines totaling $1,350 with perhaps a small balance on them. Next I realize that I need cell phones and I know that the easiest ones to apply for are either Nextel or T- mobile. I follow the same principles as above. I go to the website, call the general number, ask to apply for a business account and follow their procedures. Usually these lines come in 5s so I may wind up having 5 lines in no time that are from my company and not myself. They will even have “The Guru” on caller ID when calling other phones. This is a revolving account and works much like the AT&T account. It usually has no credit limit and so does not do much to boost scores. If I have room on my ScoreBuilder, I will add this account in as well, but if I do not, phone and wireless providers are not the types of vendors I want reporting on credit histories. Since I cannot raise credit limits, I will not gain anything except prompt payment history. G u r u Tip The ScoreBuilder product comes in various sizes. If you are strapped for cash and cannot afford the $700 yearly subscription, only add the accounts where your credit limit can be raised over time and ones that will show prompt payment history. Having one without the other serves little purpose. Step 5: “Fattening” the Credit File Once all these vendors are reporting on my credit file, my next step is to “Fatten” my credit file to get over $3500 in total business credit. I can accomplish this easily over the next 60 days by adding vendors from Appendix A. I only pick and choose the vendors that I know correlate with my industry. For example, if I had registered myself as a trucking company, it would not make too much sense to have 1800Flowers as a vendor. Down the road, a credit grantor may choose to take a look at the “type” of vendors that are reporting on my credit file. Were a trucking company and had nothing but flower companies as my vendor base, it would not lend too much credibility to my business’ actual activities. It is doubtful for any trucking company to only have flower companies as the vendors it normally works through. Being “The Guru, Inc” I consider myself an online retailer as I am in the eBooks industry. Accordingly, I will pick companies that directly impact my business. To give you an example, I will most likely pick vendors from the following industries: Shipping Packaging Hosting eCommerce Computers Electronics I will stay away from companies requiring any kind of a personal credit check and continue to add them in until my total credit reaches $3500. Step 6: Adding 2 Behemoths to Get to $15000 in Total Credit Once I reach $3500 in total credit, I first call Staples and ask to extend my credit line to $1500. Prior to making this request I ensure that my payments were all on time and that I have a $0 balance on my account. When asked for a reason for the increase, I state the truth. I am building my companies credit and it would work to our advantage of having a well known firm such as Staples increase our credit line. We’re responsible, well managed and as our records show, do not abuse credit. I repeat this procedure with Nebs and Quill. Both should double my initial credit lines. Once my credit total credit is increased to $5000, I move to the first of two credit behemoths. I call Dell’s (www.dell.com) small business division and ask to apply for a business credit account of $5000. I know that they will ask for all the same company information but they will most likely also ask for my company’s DUNS number. At this point in time it is to my advantage that my Paydex is above 80. The other credit scores don’t really matter much here unless I’ve missed payments on my report. If Dell denies me, it may be due to a seasoning reason (not been in business for too long) but this is a rarity. Once Dell has been established as a vendor, I will add them in on my ScoreBuilder profile and move to the other behemoth. The Home Depot is a tough cookie to deal with. Primary reason being that their qualification criteria are elusive and they have a habit of initially declining applicants and then approving them 30, 60, or 90 days later. The most important things to qualify for are the Home Depot vendor credit account. I follow the same basic procedure as before except in this case, I already know which website to go to and will point it out for you as it’s tough to find for the Apprentice. Click Here: Home Depot Revolving Charge Card Step 7: The Goal After following steps 1 – 6, and adding The Home Depot and Dell to my ScoreBuilder profile, my goal is to repeat Step 5 until I have amassed 25 vendors reporting on my credit profile. My strategy is as follows. I add new vendors every 30 days. After 90 days of adding them, I ask for credit increases. Once I have broken in to one industry of vendors (Shipping for example) I add similar vendors after 90 days. In the example above, I added Staples, Nebs and Quill all within the office supplies industry within my first 30 days of incorporation to my ScoreBuilder profile. Following suit, in 90 days I will add in Office Depot and OfficeMax while requesting credit increases from Nebs, Quill and Staples. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases from all 5. To take this a step further, I added Dell and The Home Depot as part of step 6. 90 days later, with Dell and The Home Depot both reporting on my credit profile, I will add in Xerox, HP, Compaq, and Lowes while asking for credit increases from The Home Depot and Dell. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases from all fully knowing that I may not get subsequent increases and may get declined. Usually, most vendors will allow 1 or 2 credit increases all year. Responsibility in repayment and keeping balances low is the key. The First Few Unsecured Credit Cards and A Credit Line of up to $100K Credit cards and credit lines require some seasoning on your company. Advanta Business Credit (in our chart above) is one of the only credit card providers I know of that will give an unsecured VISA/MC credit card to a company using a personal guarantor that has been in operations for less than 6 months. Citibank also has some aggressive programs but they usually require being in business for at least one year. American Express is one company that regularly extends credit cards to small startup companies. Qualifying for any of these credit cards is as simple as visiting their websites and applying. However, we’re concerned with getting qualified for business credit cards without the hassle of going through random credit checks and such. If you need a credit card badly and have stellar credit, I’m sure one of the above 3 will provide a business credit card for you. But if you’re willing to wait and build your business credit, there is an easier way. Once you have 25 vendors reporting on your DNB credit profile and you have been in business for 1 year, there are 3 lenders that will grant you credit (provided that you can qualify for it and that your guarantors have credit that is above 700). One is Bank of America, the other is the Home Depot MasterCard (Click this link: The Home Depot MasterCard to go to the website), and the third is Key Bank USA (Click here: Key Bank USA). The HDMC remains to date one of the only credit cards that don’t require any personal credit information. After months of tinkering with the formula, I finally found that what I’ve laid out for you above to have the greatest chance of success in attaining this card. Once approved, of course you’ll want to add these two items in to the ScoreBuilder. Next, call Bank of America and ask to apply for a SBAExpress credit for up to $100K. A BofA representative will ask you a few questions, the most important of which is your gross revenues from last year. Bank of America will give you up to 15 – 20% of your gross revenues from the year prior as a credit line with stated income documentation. The only required documentation needed prior to closing will most likely be the Articles of Incorporation, business licenses, utility bills, etc. Between the three lenders I just pointed out, you should be able to rack up at least $50K of unsecured lines provided your revenues were sufficient to get that aggressive of a credit line from Bank of America. Year 1 and Beyond If you’ve come this far, the next few sections should be incredibly important and beneficial to you. Your temperament drastically changes after year 1 and having accomplished everything I’ve listed in the last few sections. As a first year company, you are no longer an entity that can be ignored. Your company is beginning to look and feel like it has a life of its own. Even if you weren’t able to accomplish everything with the unsecured credit lines and credit cards (due to credit problems, etc), your direction is not going to change much. At this point, Apprentices can act very Guru like by calling the DNB and Experian Business directly and asking to increase the overall credit limit assigned to them. Prior to taking this step, ensure that you have updated your company’s profile with updated revenues, employment and management changes if there were any. In my example of “The Guru, Inc”, in my first year of business I would have had $100K in a credit line, $20K in credit cards against my company and 25 vendors all totaling upwards of $25K - $35K in credit. My total credit on my company would be somewhere in the $150K range with a 10% rotating balance on my credit lines. No late payments and no derogatory public record/collection are on my business credit report. Let’s say on my one year anniversary, I pull my Comprehensive Credit Report and find out the following details: Overall Commercial Credit Score: 600 Paydex: 85 Recommended Credit Limit: $25,000 To me, though the credit scores are great, what’s concerning is that the DNB is only allowing a maximum of a $25K limit. I don’t think that’s very credit worthy of my company. Being a Guru, I will call the DNB and ask them to increase my credit limit. I tell the DNB something to tune of “Our Company is growing fast and we cannot routinely get approved for small credit lines. We’ve demonstrated a history of prompt payment and credit responsibility and would like to request a credit increase so that we can apply for larger credit lines to help manage our growing cash flows.” In the case above, the DNB will most likely double, or even triple my recommended my credit line after a review. Why? Because I have demonstrated that my company is a responsible borrower. We’ve kept our records clean and have shown credit responsibility. We are definitely very credit worthy. As a Guru, my next step is to go back to each one of my vendors and credit accounts and ask them to “re-evaluate our credit line” for an increase. They run credit again and they see that our recommended credit limits are larger. They act accordingly. Using this same approach, I’ve managed to take a few companies with $150K of total credit to $250K in less than 60 days. After 6 months of waiting and prompt payments, I once again called the DNB and requested a credit line increase. I repeat this process until I have the credit I desire. G u r u Tip The above approach works to perfection with one caveat. Your company has to be an income producing company that is commensurate with your credit increases. You cannot list on your profile that your company made $50K and request a credit limit increase to $250K. These types of requests are usually a total waste of your time as they’ll get declined 99.9% of the time. THE OTHER OPTION: SHELF COMPANIES: G u r u Says... “Avoid deceit. Gurus have far more effective methods.” DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY Quite a few business credit Apprentices stumble upon the concept of the shelf company and are immediately seduced with advertising as brash as: “Want to get $1M in credit? Buy a Shelf Company! Our companies come with millions of dollars of credit lines!” Who wouldn’t be seduced? Business credit Gurus fully know that such advertising is little more than a sales gimmick. Though a shelf company may indeed have millions of dollars in credit lines, they definitely aren’t from banks or lenders. But first, let’s clear up this elusive concept. What is a Shelf Company? In my example I’ve been using, “The Guru, Inc” is a perfectly good example of a shelf company that is until it reaches its first year. I created a company, filed all the appropriate paperwork, got all the appropriate vendors to report and have been building my credit profile. Had I not applied for credit cards and bank credit lines, I could have kept building these vendor trade lines and kept the company around for years without actually making any money. Just as easily, after amassing a large chunk of credit lines, I could have sold it to someone and saved them the headache of having to do all the work themselves. That is a shelf company. Why would I not want to create credit lines and credit cards for “The Guru, Inc” had I intended for it to be a shelf company from the start? If my original goal was to put “The Guru, Inc” on the shelf and let it season for a few years while I develop a vendor database, I would have definitely not given any banks or any lenders a personal guarantee on a revolving charge against my personal credit! That would be foolish. That way, when I go to sell the company, the new owner assumes all the credit lines with me as a personal guarantor. I’d be bankrupt and up to my ears in debt in 30 seconds. WHAT A BROKER ISN’T GOING TO TELL YOU When brokers are selling to the vast sea of business credit Apprentices, it is to their disadvantage to disclose that anyone can create a shelf company with millions of dollars of trade lines. Let’s examine how one would do just that. Say you are a savvy business credit Guru and understand how business credit works. So you incorporate a company, let’s call it XYZ Industries, Inc and get all the appropriate documentation filed with a company like The Company Corporation. You open up a Dunn and Bradstreet profile and assign your company a Paydex score. You then incorporate another company called ABC Products, Inc and follow the same procedure. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc are both independent entities. And it is perfectly legal to be vendors of each other, or in other words provide each other with their own products and services. Each company can then proceed to give a large credit line to the other and report as such on the credit bureaus. After all, it’s totally the company’s business how large of a credit line it can grant. Let’s dive into this concept a little deeper. Say you own a small convenience store and have decided to give your clients with good credit scores a store credit card. It is up to you, the owner of the company, to grant the amount of credit to someone. You can make it as large or as small as you’d like. After all, it’s your credit. The individual can go around and use as much of it as they’d like in the store and buy whatever they want. They can pay as they go, incurring an interest charge every month that you impose upon them. Many companies use this model to add serious returns to merchandise. Rarely do people asking for credit have the ability to pay for the entire product; otherwise they’d buy it in cash. Most consumers love having the option of splitting their payments into installments and slowly pay back the balance. Most owners and companies are okay with that, provided the individual pays interest on the outstanding balance of what they owe every month. Well, what if you were to strip away all your products and services from your store? What if you sold absolutely nothing? You can grant as much credit to anyone you’d like because that other person has absolutely nothing to buy. I can give someone $1M of a credit line, report to the bureaus that I have done as such, and that other person has a $1M line of credit from my store. What if that other person wasn’t a person a at all? What if it was a company? Does it change anything? Absolutely not! As far as the credit bureaus are concerned, it changes nothing. I can grant credit to anyone and start a trade line for that company on any given credit bureau. One and done. And that’s what’s happening here. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc don’t sell anything. Yet they grant each other $1M lines of credit and keep reporting to credit bureaus every 30 days with $0 balances. Now imagine if there was an entire group of these? How about 200 companies that did just that to each other? What would their credit report look like when you pulled credit? It was would have 200 vendors reporting perfect credit history for a long time. What do you think that does to a business credit score? And in essence what are you buying? You’re buying a company that has $1M of credit lines from other companies that probably don’t sell anything of value. Having said that, obviously if ABC Products ever applied for credit at another unsuspecting vendor that does sell products and service, the vendor would be staring at a pretty impressive credit profile and would be willing to get aggressive on its credit line. So shelf companies may in fact come with large credit lines from certain well known vendors (discussed below). What about bank lines and other lines of credit? Can a shelf company qualify for those? The answer is a big flat “No”. Remember our discussion about banks look for when approving credit lines for companies? 1. Shareholder’s credit score 2. Income documentation or “statement of income” 3. Length of time in business For a given shelf company, the answer to number 2 is a big fat $0. Shelf companies haven’t been making any money and to claim that they have is *lying*. Take a look at what’s going on with mortgage markets and the slew of individuals that lied about income and are facing large payments they cannot afford. There is a lesson to be learned here. If you or the company hasn’t been making a certain amount of money, don’t claim otherwise. Either through a bank audit or renewal you have a high risk of getting caught not telling the truth. Lying about income to get a bank to grant financing or credit is the absolute bare bones definition of bank fraud. CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING Th e G u r u Says... “The path to becoming a Guru is one of patience. Never be led off the path by greed.” I want to be brief in parting ways from you. I have described as best as I can a straight and narrow way of establishing business credit ethically. In doing so, my number one priority was to convey information and enlighten the many would be Apprentices on the market today. If you’re a businessman or businesswoman, I’m sure you can see the value in having an unbiased text such as the one I have provided for the myriad of entrepreneurs and business credit seekers that are often led astray by offers that are not honest. It is with this spirit that I ask you to share the information I have provided wisely and profitably. First, is to become an affiliate of our products from the Business Credit Guru. We provide hefty commissions to our partners who help us enlighten others on any one or all six of our products. Please Second, one of the best resources I have to my disposal is an army of top lawyers. Despite the money I’ve made as a successful business credit guru and a business financing guru, you’d be surprised to hear how much I pay per month for my legal bills: Less than $30.00. That’s right, not $3000, but thirty dollars a month. There are no gimmicks and no other hidden costs. To date, I have encouraged all my clients, colleagues and friends to join this service through Pre-Paid Legal. For $30.00/month, you can’t get a better bargain. Plus you get commissions for referring others as well. To register, email us directly at ppl@businesscreditguru.com. Finally, there have been numerous times when the needs of a startup are better served through financing rather than credit. The Gallant Group, Ltd (http://www.gallantgrp.com) is THE company for any sort of working capital loans, commercial, residential or business financing. I have seen these guys pull off deals that I didn’t think could get funding. They have almost 10000 different programs for entrepreneurs in the early or middle stages of growth. The owners have a nice consultative style and I can’t say enough good things about them. Use these guys and use them often! These resources are yours to use. They are provided as some good references that I can personally attest to being your Guru. APPENDIX OF VENDORS Here are the complete names and websites addresses of all the vendors I’ve ever used in creating business credit. I give it all to you here. ABC Building Supply http://www.abcsupply.com/Services.aspx?id=710 Home Depot Supply http://www.homedepot.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ContentView?pn=SV_CC_Commercial_Credit_Main&langId=- 1&storeId=10051&catalogId=10053 United Parcel Service http://www.upscapital.com/solutions/creditcardsvc.html Tiffany and Company http://business.tiffany.com/business/index.asp Radio Shack Biz http://www.radioshack.com/uc/index.jsp?page=researchLibraryArticle&articleUrl=..%2Fgraphics%2Fuc%2Frsk%2FRese archLibrary%2FBuyersGuides%2Fresearch%2Fcredit.html Federal Express https://www.fedex.com/us/OADR/index.html?link=4 Border's Books Corp http://www.bordersstores.com/bbps/welcome.do Kinko's https://www.fedex.com/us/OADR/index.html Interstate Batteries http://www.interstatebatteries.com/estore/business_new2.asp Valero Oil Co http://www.valero.com/OurStores/CreditCards/ Wal-Mart Corporate http://www.walmart.com/catalog/catalog.gsp?cat=435440 JC Penney Biz https://www.onlinecreditcenter2.com/eapplygen2/load.do?cHash=1342177401&subActionId=1000 Exxon-Mobil Business http://www.exxonmobil.co.uk/Norway-English/PA/Policy/NO_P_firmakort.asp CITGO Gas Card http://citi.bridgetrack.com/usc/07/Exp/Citgo/PL/default.htm?BTData=C0210797760617459564946BABEB0AFA19E908 490F1FDF6EBEAC5C2DE13FCB56&BT_TRF=645463&app=UNSOL&sc=QRATNI00&m=N0000975850&DS=p1309 132&ProspectID=8A1361D193964FCC83473CD031A3D31F Staples Biz http://www.staplescentral.com/ Office Max Biz http://www.officemax.com/omax/home/custom.jsp?id=m280004 Shell Corp. Gas Card https://www.citibank.com/us/cards/shell/index.jsp Sam's Club Biz http://www.samsclub.com/shopping/navigate.do?catg=7057 Amazon http://www.amazon.com/Corporate-Accounts/b/ref=gw_br_corpacc/002-9560064- 5360060?%5Fencoding=UTF8&node=600460&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=left-nav- 3&pf_rd_r=1E8RQT91V57TK3BJJ8CP&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=328657701&pf_rd_i=507846 Target http://redcard.target.com/redcard/page.jsp?ref=nav%5Fredcards&contentid=rc%5Fmain Tractor Supply http://www.mytscstore.com/customer_service.asp?pageID=a Office Depot http://www.officedepot.com/renderStaticPage.do?file=/creditcard/creditcard.jsp Dell http://www.dell.com/content/topics/segtopic.aspx/dpa_payment_options?c=us&cs=19&l=en&s=dhs&~ck=anavml Expo Design Center http://www.expo.com/finance.aspx Sunoco Fuel Card http://www.sunocoinc.com/site/Consumer/ApplyforaCreditCard.htm John Deere Credit http://www.deere.com/en_US/jdc/apply_now/index.html?tm=jdcus&link=a_level&location=apply Chevron-Texaco http://www.chevrontexacocards.com/cccard/en/public/cce_home.asp Marathon Fuel http://www.marathonpetroleum.com/credit%5Fcard/ Quicken http://quicken.intuit.com/creditcard.jhtml?lid=site_banner Lowe's http://www.lowes.com/lowes/lkn?action=pg&p=CustServ/cc_tab_commercial.html Wright Express http://www.wrightexpress.com/MasterCard/index.html Capital One http://www.capitalone.com/smallbusiness/cards/index.php?linkid=WWW_1107_SBUS_09_HOME_C1B_02_T_SBCD http://www.capitalone.com/smallbusiness/index.php?linkid=WWW_1107_SBUS_09_HOME_C1B_02_T_SB1 Verizon http://b2b.vzw.com/productsservices/businesscallingplans/?lid=//global//business//business+plans AT&T http://www.wireless.att.com/businesscenter/business-programs/small/programs/exclusively- business.jsp?WT.svl=calltoaction T-Mobile http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/default.aspx?plancategory=21 Sprint together with Nextel http://www.sprint.com/business/?id12=UHPCHP_Link_ShopBusinessSolutions Marriott http://www.marriott.com/specials/default.mi Hilton Hotels http://doubletree.hilton.com/en/dt/promotions/dt_eadvantage/index.jhtml;jsessionid=1QUYAN23LW02KCSGBJBMVCQ ?xch=98358609,10F141000AF6EC3C5E92049F34FDDB48.etc23&adId=eadvantage,mini,30&cid=OM,DT,Eadvantage, Mini Hyatt http://www.hyatt.com/hyatt/specials/index.jsp;jsessionid=UNWUFTS3IZJJFTQSNW2VAFWOCJWYOUP4 La Quinta http://www.lq.com/lq/coolsavings/specialrate/index.jsp Best Western http://www.bestwestern.com/programs/business/index.asp Motel 6 http://www.motel6.com/promotions/ Radisson http://www.radissonsas.com/cs/Satellite?c=Page&cid=1051345091143&language=en&pagename=RadissonSAS%2FPag e%2FrsasSectionFrontpage My Tool Store http://www.mytoolstore.com/busacct.html JDR Micro Computers http://www.jdr.com/premier/ Northwest Builder's Network Inc http://www.nwbuildnet.com/help/credit.html Savoya (Limousine Company) www.savoya.com Carey International (Limousine Company) www.careyint.com Davel (Limousine Company) www.davel.com Oakwood (Corporate Housing) www.oakwood.com Bridgestreet (Corporate Housing) www.bridgestreet.com Empire Limousine (Limousine Company) www.empireint.com Greyhound Bus www.greyhound.com Hewitt Packard HP www.hp.com IBM Computers www.ibm.com Crestwood Suites (Hotel) http://www.crestwoodsuites.com/cwdirbill.p...0Bill%20Account www.credtwoodsuites.com Super Shuttle (Limousine Company) https://www.supershuttle.com/webrez/Update.aspx United States Postal Service www.usps.com Korman Communities (Corporate Housing) www.korman1.com Ballantye Resort (Hotel) http://www.ballantyneresort.com/ Peapod Food Delivery Service www.peapod.com Huntington Bank (Relocation Direct Bill Service) http://www.huntington.com/pas/HNB1725.htm Rio Pavilion (Hotel) http://www.harrahs.com/our_casinos/rlv/gro...ll_app_form.pdf Billing Direct (affiliate program, like CJ.com) http://www.billingdirect.net/ Sonesta Hotel & Suites http://www.sonesta.com/coconut_grove/page.asp?pageID=10904 ASAP Coach (Limousine Company) http://www.asapcoach.com/opeccount.htm Boston Coach (Limousine Company) http://www.bostoncoach.com/common/resources/account.jsp Air Culnaire (Food Service) http://www.airculinaire.com/ordering.asp Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe http://www.cflr.com/courses/Dir_billing.pdf Hertz http://www.hertztrucks.com/business/bap.pdf Waiter.com (food take out company) http://www.waiter.com/documents/waiter-corp-account-form.pdf AAMCO Transmissions http://www.aamcotransmissions.com/national...ng_options.html Metro Hosting (Web Hosting Provider) http://www.metrohosting.net/new.php?sub=newAccount&plan=gla Jacopos (Pizzeria) http://www.jacopos.com/CorporateAccounts.htm Masters Inn (Hotels) http://www.mastersinn.com/extended_stay.shtml SelectATicket.com http://www.selectaticket.com/CorporateAccounts.asp FTD.com http://www.ftd.com/528/corporate/ 1800-flowers.com http://ww2.1800flowers.com/flowers/corporate/benefits.asp Wilkinson's Flowers http://www.wilkinsonsflowers.com/help.asp Monster (They give net 14 terms) www.monster.com My Coffee Supply http://www.mycoffeesupply.com/corp_login.asp Luggage Pros http://www.luggagepros.com/policies/corporate-sales.shtml Exclusive Tickets http://www.exclusivetickets.com/corporateInfo.cfm Linens n Things http://www.lnt.com/corp/index.jsp?page=cor...2_corpsales_txt Macys http://www1.macys.com/store/corporate/index.jsp?bhcp=1 BladeSmart http://bladesmart.com/bladesmart.com/statp.../corpsales.html HydePark Jewelers http://www.hydeparkjewelers.com/HPSite/dep...application.pdf Franklin Sports http://www.franklinsports.com/fsm/files/cr...application.pdf Cognigen PCs https://www.cognigen-pc.com/main/eaccount/c...pplication.aspx Viracon http://www.viracon.com/corporateCreditApp.html TradeName.com https://www.tradename.com/fees/corpacc.html Fairytale Brownies http://www.brownies.com/Corporate%20Credit%20Application.doc Monte Vista http://www.mvcoop.com/credit/index.asp Sencore http://www.sencore.com/orderinfo/corpopen.htm Amtech http://www.amtechdisc.com/payment.htm Headsets http://www.headsets.com/headsets/credit/cr...pplication.html Bloomingdale's http://www1.bloomingdales.com/about/shopping/corporate.jsp# USA LEGAL FORMS http://www.uslegalforms.com/accountopen.doc Vac Hut Plus, Inc. http://www.vachutplus.com/corpacct.htm Ideal Industries http://www.idealindustries.com/pdf/EndUserSetUpForm.pdf Discount Awards http://www.discountawards.com/CorpAccounts.asp Corporate Express http://www.corporateexpress.com/faq.html Continental Airlines http://www.continental.com/programs/uatp/ Alson's Jewelry http://www.alsonjewelers.com/services.htm Kohls http://www.kohlscorporation.com/GiftCard/GiftCards01.htm Luberman's building http://www.lumbermens-building.com/pdf/con...-credit-app.pdf GETTY GAS http://www.getty.com/gettycardapp.pdf# Thrifty http://www.thrifty.com/images/rx/img2076.pdf JEB Leasing Company http://www.jebleasing.com/apply.html Powell Company http://www.powellcompany.com/customer_credit_application.asp Earthlink Business Services http://www.earthlink.net/biz/majoraccounts/ A-Vidd Electronics http://www.a-vidd.com/pdf/aviddcreditapp.pdf EBC Computers http://www.ebccomputers.com/Documents/netterms.PDF Circuit City Business Sales http://business.circuitcity.com/b2b_landing_page.htm Walgreens http://www.walgreens.com/about/community/g...rds/default.jsp Disney http://disneymeetings.disney.go.com/dwm/in...oupOverviewPage Ingram Micro http://www.ingrammicro.com/ 3M Company http://solutions.3m.com/wps/portal/!ut...VAQA-irWmQ!! Mitsubishi Digital Electronics America http://www.mitsubishi-tv.com/ Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/pna/cont...l?fpSiteId=2076 http://shopping.franklincovey.com/shopping...rt/payment_info Harley Davidson http://www.harley-davidson.com/wcm/Content...sp?locale=en_US Starbucks http://www.starbucks.com/business/bizgifts.asp Bed, Bath & Beyond http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/CorpSales.asp?order_num=-1 REI http://www.rei.com/cgs/?stat=footer_corp_sales DTV City http://www.dtvcity.com/help/corporate.html World Lux http://www.worldlux.com/corporate_sales.html GAP http://www.gapincbusinessdirect.com/index.asp Rose City Software http://www.rosecitysoftware.com/corporate/ Axion Tech http://www.axiontech.com/corp.php Bacario http://www.bacario.com/Corporate.asp Patagonia http://www.patagonia.com/custserv/corporate_sales.shtml Sharper Image http://www.sharperimage.com/corporatesales/ Amherst Technologies http://www.amherst1.com/ Corporate Outfitter http://corporateoutfitter.cabelas.com/ Weems Plath http://www.weems-plath.com/corporate_sales.html Gempler's http://www.gemplers.com/a/pages/corpsales.asp Saab http://www.saabfleet.com/ Staceys http://www.staceys.com/corporatesales.html Samys http://www.samys.com/industrial.php?PHPSES...8f5165a2082651f L.L. Bean http://www.llbean.com/corporateSales/?feat=ln Handago http://www.handango.com/Information.jsp?si...CKey=1_BUSINESS US LUGGAGE http://www.usluggage.com/corpsales.htm Surray Luggage http://www.surrayluggage.com/corporatesales.html Williams-Sonoma http://www.williams-sonomainc.com/bsa/index.cfm APPENDIX OF BANKS Here are the names of major banks and their websites broken down by each state. Alabama AmSouth Bank Bank Independent Bank of Brewton Bank of Pine Hill Bank of Wedowee Barbour County Bank Citizens Bank Colonial Bank Commercial Bank of Ozark Community Bank & Trust Compass Bank Cullman Savings Bank Eva Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank (Centre & Leesburg) First Citizens Bank of Luverne First Commercial Bank First Federal Bank First Federal of the South First Metro Bank First National Bank of Brewton First National Bank of Brundidge First National Bank of Central Alabama First National Bank of Dozier First National Bank of Scottsboro First National Bank of Shelby County First National Bank of Talladega First Southern Bank First Southern National Bank First Tuskegee Bank First United Security Bank Frontier National Bank Headland National Bank Heritage Bank Merchants Bank Monroe County Bank Peoples Bank & Trust Peoples Bank of North Alabama Phenix-Girard Bank Regions Bank Reliance Bank Security Federal Savings Bank South Alabama Bank SouthTrust Bank Union Planters Bank United Bank West Alabama Bank &Trust Alaska Denali State Bank First Bank First Interstate Bank of Alaska Northrim Bank Arkansas Arkansas National Bank Arvest Bank Group Bank of England Bank of Eureka Springs Bank of Fayetteville Bank of Pocahontas Bank of Rogers Bank of the Ozarks Bank of Yellville Citizens Bank & Trust Company Citizens Bank of Batesville Citizens State Bank Commercial National Bank of Texarkana Community Bank Community First Bank Cross County Bank Delta Trust and Bank Elk Horn Bank & Trust Company Farmers Bank & Trust Farmers Bank & Trust Company First Arkansas Bank & Trust First Arkansas Valley Bank First Federal Bank of Arkansas First Arvest Bank First National Bank & Trust Company of Rogers First National Bank & Trust Company of Mountain Home First National Bank in Mena First National Bank of Berryville First National Bank of Crossett First National Bank of Fort Smith First National Bank of Hope First National Bank of Paragould and Jonesboro First National Bank of Paragould and Jonesboro First National Bank of Springdale First Security Bank First Security Bank of Fayetteville First United Bancshares,Inc. First Western Bank & Trust Forrest City Bank Helena National Bank (HNB) McGehee Bank McIlroy Bank & Trust Metropolitan National Bank MidSouth Bank National Bank of Arkansas One Bank & Trust Piggott State Bank Pulaski Bank & Trust Company Simmons First Bank of Searcy Springdale Bank & Trust Superior Federal Bank The Capital Bank The Union Bank Arizona Armed Forces Bank Bank of America Bank of the Southwest Bank One Commerce Bank of Arizona Community First Bankshares, Inc. Compass Bank First International Bank & Trust Marshall & Ilsley Bank (M&I) Mohave State Bank National Bank of Arizona Northern Trust Bank of Arizona Stearns Bank Sunrise Bank of Arizona Valley Commerce Bank Wells Fargo Bank Western Security Bank California Alliance Bank America California Bank Bank of Alameda Bank of Amador Bank of America Bank of Canton of California Bank of Internet USA Bank of Los Altos Bank of Marin Bank of Petaluma Bank of Stockton Bank of the Orient Bank of the Sierra Bank of the West Bank of Visalia Bank of the West Bank of Walnut Creek Bay Area Bank Bay View Bank Borel Bank and Trust Company Borrego Springs Bank Brentwood Bank ofCalifornia Broadway Federal Bank Business Bank of California Butte Community Bank California Bank & Trust California Center Bank California Federal Bank (Cal Fed) Canyon National Bank Capital Corp of the West Cathay Bank Central Sierra Bank Citibank Citizens Bank of Nevada County City National Bank Civic Bank of Commerce Coast Commercial Bank Comerica Bank Community Bank of San Joaquin County Bank Downey Savings Eldorado Bank El Dorado Savings Bank Exchange Bank Fallbrook National Bank Far East National Bank Feather River State Bank Fidelity Federal Bank First Bank of Beverly Hills FirstBank of San Luis Obispo First Community Bank First National Bank of Northern California First National Bank of Olathe First Regional Bank First Republic Bank First Western Bank Foothill Independent Bank Fremont Bank General Bank Goleta National Bank Guaranty Bank Hanmi Bank Heritage Bank East Bay Heritage Bank of Commerce Humboldt Bank Imperial Capital Bank Jackson Federal Bank Kerman State Bank La Jolla Bank Lake Community Bank Liberty Bank Life Bank Los Angeles National Bank Luther Burbank Savings Manufacturers Bank Marathon National Bank Mechanics Bank Merchants Bank of California, N.A. Mid-State Bank Mid Valley Bank Mission Community Bank Montecito Bank & Trust National Bank of California North Valley Bank Pacific Crest Bank Pacific Mercantile Bank Pacific State Bank PFF Bank & Trust PriVest Bank Redlands Centennial Bank Rancho Bank River City Bank Sacramento Commercial Bank San Benito Bank San Diego National Bank San Joaquin Bank Santa Barbara Bank &Trust Santa Lucia Bank Scott Valley Bank Sentinel Community Bank Six Rivers National Bank Southern Pacific Bank Sunwest Bank Tehama Bank Tokai Bank of California Union Bank of California United Commercial Bank Universal Bank US Bank Valley Bank Valley Independent Bank Vineyard National Bank Vintage Bank Visalia Community Bank Wells Fargo Bank Westamerica Bancorporation Western Security Bank Western Sierra Bank Wilshire State Bank Yosemite Bank Colorado 1st Choice Bank Alpine Bank American Bank Bank of Colorado Bank of the San Juans Bank One Cañon National Bank Castle Rock Bank Century Savings & Loan Association Citizens State Bank of Cortez Citywide Banks Colorado Bank and Trust Colorado Business Bank Colorado East Bank & Trust Community Banks of Colorado Eaton Bank First Commerce Bank of Colorado First National Bank First National Bank of Arvada First National Bank of Canon City First National Bank of Durango First National Bank of Lamar First National Bank of Las Animas First National Bank of Longmont First National Bank of Paonia First National Bank of Stratton First State Bank of Hotchkiss Firstate Bank Heritage Bank Home State Bank Liberty Savings Bank North Valley Bank Premier Bank Rocky Mountain Bank and Trust San Luis Valley Federal Bank TCF National Bank Colorado UMB Bank Union Colony Bank Valley Bank & Trust Valley National Bank Vista Bank Weld County Bank Wells Fargo WestStar Bank Young Americans Bank Connecticut American Savings Bank BankBoston Banknorth Connecticut Citibank Cornerstone Bank Dime Savings Bank Fairfield County Savings Bank Farmington Savings Bank First County Bank First International Bank First National Bank of Litchfield First National Bank of Suffield Fleet Bank Guilford Savings Bank Jewett City Savings Bank La Jolla Bank Liberty Bank Litchfield Bancorp Mechanics Savings Bank The Milford Bank National Iron Bank Naugatuck Savings Bank New Haven Savings Bank Newtown Savings Bank North American Bank Nutmeg Federal Saving Bank People's Bank Salisbury Bank & Trust Company Savings Bank of Manchester Savings Bank of Rockville The Simsbury Bank Southington Savings Bank Stafford Savings Bank Thomaston Savings Bank Tolland Bank Torrington Savings Bank Union Savings Bank Webster Bank Westport National Bank Delaware Artisans' Bank Bank of Delmarva Delaware National Bank First Union First USA Bank Mellon Bank PNC Bank Sovereign Bank Wilmington Trust WingspanBank.com Florida American National Bank AmSouth Bank AmTrust Bank Atlantic States Bank BankAtlantic BankFirst Bank of America Bank of Tidewater Bay Bank & Trust Co. Capital City Bank CenterState Bank of Florida Century Bank Citibank Citizens Bank of Oviedo Citizens Community Bank Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Port St. Joe Citrus Bank City National Bank of Florida Clay County Bank Coconut Grove Bank Colonial Bank Columbia County Bank Community Bank of Homestead Community Bank of Naples Community National Bank Community Savings Compass Bank Crown Bank Destin Bank Emerald Coast Bank Englewood Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank First Bradenton Bank First City Bank First Commercial Bank ofTampa First Federal Savings Bank of Florida First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County First Home Bank First International Bank & Trust First National Bank and Trust First National Bank and Trust Company First National Bank of Florida First National Bank of Mount Dora First National Bank of Naples First National Bank of Pasco 1st National Bank of South Florida First Navy Bank First Southern Bank First State Bank First Union Flagship National Bank Florida Bank of Commerce Florida Choice Bank Grand Bank of Florida Gulf State Community Bank Gulfstream Business Bank Hamilton Bank Harbor Federal Savings Bank Horizon Bank, FSB Huntington Independent National Bank Interamerican Bank Intercredit Bank International Finance Bank Liberty National Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mackinac Savings Bank F.S.B. Madison Bank Marine National Bank Monticello Bank Northern Trust Bank of Florida Ocala National Bank Ocean Bank Oceanside Bank Pacific National Bank Peoples Bank Peoples First Perkins State Bank Pointe Bank Premier Bank Raymond James Bank, FSB Regions Bank Republic Bank Republic Security Bank Signature Bank Skylake State Bank Sofisa Bank of Florida Southeastern Bank Southern Commerce Bank Southern Community Bank Southern Exchange Bank Southern Security Bank SouthTrust Bank SunTrust Banks Inc. The Terrace Bank TIB Bank of the Keys TransAtlantic Bank UniBank United Bank United Southern Bank Valrico State Bank Village Banc of Naples VirtualBank Warrington Bank Washington Mutual West Coast Guaranty Bank Georgia Adel Banking Company AmSouth Bank Georgia Atlantic States Bank Bank of America Bank of Dade Bank of Eastman Bank of Hiawassee Bank of Hiawassee Bank of LaFayette Bank of Perry Bank of Toccoa Bank of Upson Blackshear Bank Bryan Bank & Trust Buckhead Community Bank Cherokee Bank Chestatee State Bank Citizens Bank of Washington County Citizens Trust Bank, Atlanta Columbus Bank & Trust Company Community First Bank Community Trust Bank Darby Bank & Trust Co. Decatur First Bank Douglas County Bank Douglas Federal Bank Eagle Bank and Trust Embry National Bank Exchange Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank/Dublin The Farmers Bank First Capital Bank First Community Bank of Southwest Georgia First Georgia Community Bank First National Bank and Trust First National Bank of Alma First National Bank of Camden County First National Bank of Griffin First National Bank of Polk County First National Bank of Scottsboro First National Bank of the Internet First Nation Bank First Peoples Bank First Union Firstate Bank Flag Bank Gateway Bank & Trust Georgia Bank Trust Company of Augusta Georgia State Bank Greater Rome Bank Habersham Bancorp Lumpkin County Bank Morris State Bank, Dublin NetBank Northwest Georgia Bank Oconee State Bank Park Avenue Bank Patterson Bank Pelham Banking Company Peoples Bank Pinnacle Bank Premier National Bank of Dalton PrimeSouth Bank Quantum National Bank Regions Bank Rockdale National Bank SouthTrust Bank Spivey State Bank Summit National Bank SunTrust Banks, Inc. Synovus Financial Corp. The National Bank of Georgia Thomasville National Bank Tucker Federal Bank Union County Bank United Bank Wachovia Bank West Central Georgia Bank West Georgia National Bank Hawaii American Savings Bank Bank of Hawaii Central Pacific Bank City Bank First Hawaiian Bank Iowa Amcore Bank American State Bank American Trust & Savings Bank Bank Midwest Bank of America Bankers Trust BankIowa Bennett State Bank Boone Bank & Trust Co. Burlington Bank and Trust Carroll County State Bank Central State Bank of Muscatine Central Valley Bank Citizens Bank Citizens Bank Citizens First National Bank Citizens Savings Bank Citizens State Bank City State Bank City State Bank (Central City) Clear Lake Bank & Trust Clinton National Bank Community Bank Community First Bank Community First National Bank ofDecorah Community Savings Bank Community Savings Bank Community State Bank Community State Bank Cresco Union Savings Bank DeWitt Bank & Trust Co. Dubuque Bank & Trust Earlham Savings Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank Exchange State Bank, Ames F & M Bank Farmers Savings Bank Farmers State Bank Farmers Trust & Savings Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines First Central State First Citizens NationalBank First Community Bank First Federal Bank First Federal Savings Bank of Iowa First Federal Savings Bank of Twin Falls First National Bank of Ames First National Bank ofCedar Falls First National Bank of Farragut and Shenandoah First National Bank of Hampton First National Bank of LeMars First National Bank ofMuscatine First National Bank of Sioux Center First National Bank of Waverly First Security Bank &Trust First State Bank First Trust & Savings Bank Fort Madison Bank and Trust Company Fortress Bank Green Belt Bank & Trust Grundy National Bank Guaranty Bank & Trust Company Guthrie County State Bank Hampton State Bank Hancock County Bank &Trust Hardin County Savings Bank Heartland Bank Hills Bank and Trust Company Home State Bank Houghton State Bank Iowa Savings Bank Iowa State Bank Iowa State Bank & TrustCo. Iowa State Savings Bank Iowa Trust & Savings Bank Keokuk Savings Bank &Trust Company Kerndt Brothers Savings Bank Keystone Savings Bank Le Mars Bank & Trust Company Lincoln Savings Bank Mahaska State Bank Manufacturers Bank &Trust Company Maquoketa State Bank Marion County State Bank Mercantile Bank Midwest Federal Savings Midwest Heritage Bank Northwest Bank & Trust Company Bank Northwest Federal Savings Bank Northwoods State Bank Norwalk-Cumming State Bank Norwest Online Okey Vernon First NationalBank Onward Bank Bancshares Page County State Bank Panora State Bank Pella State Bank Peoples National Bank Peoples State Bank Peoples Trust & Savings Bank Pioneer Bank Poweshiek Bank Premier Bank of Dubuque Principal Bank Randall-Story State Bank Sanborn Savings Bank Security Bank & Trust Company Security Savings Bank Security National Bank Security State Bank Security State Bank (Anamosa - Cascade - Monticello) Shelby County State Bank State Bank & Trust State Bank of Waverly State Central Bank Tama State Bank The State Bank Tri-County Bank & Trust Union Bank & Trust Company Union Planters Bank United Bank of Iowa United Community Bank Washington Federal Savings Bank Washington State Bank Wayland State Bank Webster City Federal Savings Bank Idaho Bank of Pullman Bank of the West D.L. Evans Bank Farmers & Merchants State Bank Farmers National Bank First Federal Savings Bank Home Federal Savings Idaho Banking Company Lewiston State Bank Panhandle State Bank Pend Oreille Bank U.S. Bank Washington Mutual Bank Idaho Illinois A. J. Smith Federal Savings Bank Alpha Community Bank Alpine Bank of Illinois Amalgamated Bank of Chicago Amcore Bank Armed Forces Bank Associated Bank Bank & Trust Company Bank Champaign Bank of Herrin Bank of Illinois Bank of Pontiac The Bank of Marion Bank One BankPlus Belvidere Bank Black Hawk State Bank Bluestem National Bank Bradford National Bank Busey Bank Cambridge Bank Capstone Bank Central Trust & Savings Bank Charter National Bank Chesterfield Federal Savings & Loan Citibank Citizens First National Bank Citizens National Bank of Macomb Cole Taylor Bank Columbia National Community Bank of Joliet Corus Bank Cosmopolitan Bank and Trust CoVest Banc Devon Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank Edens Bank The Edgar County Bank & Trust Co. Effingham State Bank Elgin Financial Savings Bank Elgin State Bank Exchange State Bank of Lanark Fairfield Savings Bank The Farmers Bank of Liberty Farmers State Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago First American Bank First Bank, Carmi First Bank of Highland Park First Bank of Oak Park First Bankers Trust Company First Capital Bank First Community Bank and Trust First Federal Savings Bankof Champaign-Urbana First Mid-Illinois Bank & Trust First Midwest Bank First National Bank-Employee Owned First National Bank &Trust Company, Carbondale First National Bank & Trust Company, Clinton First National Bank in Pinckneyville First National Bank of Brookfield First National Bank of Decatur First National Bank of Joliet First National Bank of La Grange First National Bank of Marengo First National Bank of Raymond First National Bank ofRochelle First National Bank of Steeleville First National Bank of Sullivan First National Bank of Waterloo First Robinson Savings Bank First State Bank First State Bank ofBeardstown Fisher National Bank Flora Bank & Trust Forest Park National Bankand Trust Company Foster Bank Galena State Bank Grand National Bank Hardware State Bank Harris Bank Havana National Bank Heartland Bank and Trust Henry State Bank Heritage Bank of Central IL Herrin Security Bank Illini State Bank Illinois National Bank Interstate Bank Itasca Bank & Trust Co. Lake in the Hills Bank Lakeland Community Bank LaSalle National Bank Liberty Bank for Savings Lincoln Park Savings Bank Lincoln State Bank Marine Trust Company(Marine Bank) Mazon State Bank Mercantile Trust & Savings Bank Merchants Bank MidAmerica Bank Mid Town Bank Midwest Bank and Trust Company Morton Community Bank Murphy Wall State Bank National Bank National City Bank New Century Bank North Community Bank North Federal Savings Bank North Shore Trust Bank Northern Trust Northview Bank & Trust Oak Brook Bank Old Second Bank Oswego Community Bank Oxford Bank & Trust Park National Bank Peoples State Bank of Newton Peru Federal Savings Bank Pontiac National Bank Prairie State Bank & Trust Pullman Bank Rantoul First Bank Regency Bank Riverside Community Bank Royal American Bank Sauk Valley Bank & Trust Co. Second Federal Savings of Chicago Security Bank Security Savings Bank Security State Bank of Hamilton South Holland Trust & Savings Bank South Pointe Bank South Shore Bank South Side Trust & Savings Bank Soy Capital Bank St. Paul Federal Bank Standard Bank and Trust Co. State Bank of Augusta State Bank of Niantic State Bank of The Lakes State Bank of Waterloo Stillman BancCorp, N.A. Suburban Bank & Trust Co. Success National Bank Tempo Bank The Bank of Edwardsville Tremont First National Union Savings Bank United Community Bank University National Bank Warren-Boynton State Bank Waukegan Savings and Loan, SB West Pointe Bank and Trust Company West Suburban Bank Williamsville State Bank & Trust Indiana American Savings FSB Bank One Centier Bank Citizens First State Bank FCN Bank Farmers State Bank Fifth Third Bank First Bank Richmond First Farmers Bank & Trust First Federal Savings Bank First Indiana Bank First Internet Bank First Merchants Bank First National Bank & Trust First National Bank of Portland First National Bank of Valparaiso First Source Bank First United Bank Firstar Grabill Bank HomeBank SB Indiana Trust Company Irwin Union Bank Jackson County Bank Key Bank Lafayette Bank & Trust Lafayette Savings Bank LaSalle Bank Lincoln Federal Savings Bank MarkleBank MetroBank MFB Financial Monroe Bank Mutual Federal Savings Bank National City Bank Old National Bank Owen Community Bank Owen County State Bank Pacesetter Bank Peoples State Bank People's Trust Company Randolph County Bank Regional Bank Salin Bank & Trust Company Spencer County Bank Springs Valley Bank & Trust Company STAR Financial Bank State Bank of Oxford Terre Haute Savings Bank The Friendship State Bank Union County National Bank Union Federal Savings Bank Union Planters Bank United Fidelity Bank Kansas Armed Forces Bank Capital City Bank Capitol Federal Savings Central National Bank Citizens Bank of Kansas Citizens National Bank of Kansas Citizens Savings & Loan Association, FSB Columbian Bank & Trust Company Commerce Bank and Trust Community National Bank Topeka Country Club Bank Douglas County Bank Emporia State Bank and Trust Company Farmers & Merchants Bank of Colby Farmers State Bank of Oakley Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka Fidelity Bank Fidelity State Bank & Trust Company First National Bank (Goodland) First National Bank (Hays) First National Bank & Trust of St. John First National Bank of Kansas First National Bank of Olathe First Security Bank of Norton First State Bank and Trust Company Fort Riley National Bank Grant County Bank Home National Bank Intrust Bank Kansas State Bank State Bank of Ottawa/Baldwin City Kaw Valley State Bank Lyons Federal Savings MidAmerican Bank Mutual Savings Association New Farmers National Bank Ottawa County Bank Peoples Bank Peoples Bank & Trust Security State Bank St. John National Bank Sunflower Bank Union State Bank University National Bank Valley State Bank Kentucky Bank of Jamestown Bank of McCreary County Bank One Berea National Bank Bowling Green Bank &Trust Citizens National Bank& Trust Citizens Union Bank Cumberland Security Bank Farmers Bank and TrustCompany Farmers National Bank First Capital Bank ofKentucky First City Bank & Trust First National Bank of Manchester Heritage Community Bank Home Federal Bank Independence Bank Kentucky Bank Louisville Community Development Bank Monticello Banking Company Owensboro National Bank Paducah Bank Peoples Bank of Northern Kentucky Republic Bank & TrustCompany Shelby County Trust Bank South Central Bank ofBarren County Southern Deposit Bank Springfield State Bank Star Bank The Bank - Oldham County The Bankers' Bank Union Planters Bank US Access Bank Louisiana Bank of Erath Bank of Louisiana Bank of Montgomery Bank of West Baton Rouge Bank One Cameron State Bank Citizens Bank & Trust Citizens National Bank City Bank & TrustCompany Exchange Bank & Trust Company Fifth District Savings & Loan Association Guaranty Savings and Homestead Association Gulf Coast Bank & Trust Company Hibernia National Bank Iberia Bank Iberville Bank Liberty Bank Merchants and Farmers Bank & Trust Company Metaire Bank & Trust MidSouth National Bank Mutual Savings & Loan Parish National Bank Progressive Bank Rayne State Bank Red River Bank Ruston Building and Loan Association Security First National Bank Teche Federal Savings Bank Massachusetts Asian American Bank & Trust Company Auburndale Co-operative Bank Bank Boston Bank of Fall River Banknorth Massachusetts Bank of Western Massachusetts Bay State Federal Bank Benjamin Franklin Savings Bank Beverly National Bank Boston Private Bank & Trust Company Brookline Savings Bank Cambridge Savings Bank Cambridgeport Bank Canton Co-operative Bank Cape Cod Bank and Trust Company Cape Cod Cooperative Bank Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Capital Crossing Bank Central Cooperative Bank Century Bank Charter Bank Chicopee Savings Bank Citizens Bank Citizens-Union Savings Bank Clinton Savings Bank Community Bank Community National Bank Compass Bank Country Bank Danvers Savings Bank Dean Bank Dedham Savings East Boston Savings Bank Eastern Bank Easton Cooperative Bank Enterprise Bank & Trust Company Everett Co-operative Bank Falmouth Co-operative Bank First Essex Bank FirstFed America BankCorp Inc. Flagship Bank Fleet Bank Gloucester Cooperative Bank Greenfield Savings Bank Haverhill Cooperative Bank Hingham Institution for Savings Hudson Savings Bank Hyde Park Savings Bank Investors Bank & Trust Company Ipswich Co-operative Bank IpswichBank Lee Bank Lenox Savings Bank Lowell Co-operative Bank Milford Federal Savings & Loan Assn Mansfield Co-operative Bank Marblehead Savings Bank Marlborough Co-Operative Bank Middlesex Savings Bank Milford National Bank & Trust Company Monson Savings Bank Natick Federal Savings Bank Nantucket Bank Newburyport Five Cents Savings Bank North Brookfield Savings Bank Northern Bank and Trust Company Northampton Cooperative Bank Peoples Federal Savings Bank People's Savings Bank Plymouth Savings Bank Revere Federal Savings Rockland Trust Roxbury Highland Bank of Jamaica Plain Salem Five Cents Savings Bank Saugus Co-operative Bank Scituate Federal Savings South Shore Savings Bank State Street Bank Stoneham Co-operative Bank Stoneham Savings Bank The Cooperative Bank The Pittsfield Cooperative Bank United Cooperative Bank Wainwright Bank & Trust Company Warren Bank Watertown Savings Bank Webster Five Cents Savings Bank Wellesley Co-operative Bank Westborough Savings Bank Williamstown Savings Bank Woronoco Savings Bank Maryland 1st Mariner Bank Allfirst Bank American Bank Baltimore County Savings Bank Baltimore Trust Bank of Delmarva Bank of Glen Burnie Bank of Southern Maryland Bay National Bank Bay-Vanguard Federal Savings Bank Bradford Federal Savings Bank Calvert Bank Calvin B. Taylor Bank Carrollton Bank Cecil Federal Savings Bank Centreville National Bank of Maryland Chesapeake Bank of Maryland Chestertown Bank Chevy Chase Bank Columbia Bank Community Bank of Tri-County County Bank County First Bank Eastern Savings Bank Enterprise Federal Savings Bank Equitable Federal Savings Bank F & M Bank - Allegiance Farmers & Mechanics National Bank Farmers and Merchants Bank & Trust FCNB Bank Fidelity Bank First Shore Federal S & L Assn First Virginia Bank Forest Hill Bank Hagerstown Trust Hebron Savings Bank Home Federal Savings Bank Homewood Federal Savings Bank Industrial Bank Key Bank and Trust Leeds Federal Savings Bank Madison & Bradford Federal S & L Assn Maryland Bank and Trust Company Mercantile Bankshares Corporation NBRS Financial OBA Bank Patapsco Bank Peoples Bank Peoples Bank of Elkton Presidential Savings Bank Provident Bank of Maryland Provident State Bank Regal Bank Sandy Spring National Bank Sequoia Bank Severn Savings Bank Sparks Bank St. Michaels Bank Suburban Federal Savings Bank Talbot Bank Union National Bank Washington Savings Bank Westminster Bank Wyman Park Federal S & L Assn Maine BankBoston Bar Harbor Banking &Trust Company Bath Savings Institution Biddeford Savings Bank Border Trust Company Camden National Bank First Citizens Bank First National Bankof Bar Harbor First National Bankof Damariscotta Fleet Bank Franklin Savings Bank Katahdin Trust Company Kennebec Savings Bank Kennebunk Savings Bank KeyBank Machias Savings Bank MBNA America Bank Mechanics SavingsBank Merrill MerchantsBank Ocean National Bank Peoples, a Div. of Banknorth, N.A. Pepperell Trust Company Union Trust Company United Kingfield Bank Michigan 1st Source Bank Alden State Bank Alliance Banking Company Bank of Ann Arbor Bank One Bay Bank Byron Bank Capitol Bancorp Limited Century Bank and Trust Charlevoix State Bank Charter Bank Chelsea State Bank Chemical Bank ChoiceOne Bank Citizens Bank Comerica Bank County National Bank Crestmark Bank Empire National Bank Farmers State Bank First Independence National Bank of Detroit First National Bank of America Farmers State Bank of Munith First National Bank (Iron Mountain & Kingsford) First National Bank of Gaylord First National Bank of Negaunee First National Bank of Three Rivers First State Bank of EastDetroit Flagstar Bank Founders Trust Personal Bank Franklin Bank Grand Bank Hastings City Bank Honor State Bank Huntington National Bank Isabella Bank & Trust Kalamazoo County State Bank LaSalle Bank Marshall Savings Bank Metrobank National City Northern Michigan Bank Oxford Bank Peoples State Bank Republic Bancorp - Republic Bank Shelby State Bank Shoreline Bank Standard Federal Bank Sterling Bank & Trust Sturgis Bank & Trust Company The State Bank United Bank & Trust United Bank of Michigan University Bank Wolverine Bank Minnesota Atwater State Bank Bank of Elk River CenBank Cenex Finance Association Central Bank Community Bank Group Community National Bank Eastwood Bank Excel Bank Farmers State Bank of Madelia First Farmers & Merchants National Bank First Federal Bank First Integrity Bank First National Bank and Trust of Pipestone First National Bank of ElkRiver First National Bank of St.Peter First National Bank of Walker First State Bank of Bayport First State Bank of Rosemount First State Bank of Wyoming Fortress Bank Goodhue County National Bank Grand Rapids State Bank Heritage Bank Lake Area Bank Lakes State Bank Liberty Savings Bank Liberty State Bank Midway National Bank of St. Paul National City Bank of Minneapolis Nicollet County Bank Norwest Corporation North Shore Bank of Commerce Pine River State Bank Premier Banks Prior Lake State Bank Queen City Federal Savings Bank Red River State Bank Republic Bank Saint Anthony Park Bank Security State Bank of Maple Lake Security State Bank of Mankato Stearns Bank Sterling State Bank U. S. Bank Wells Federal Bank Western Bank Winona National and Savings Bank Missouri Allegiant Bank Bank of Belton Bank of Jacomo Bank of Kirksville Bank of Monticello Bank of Versailles Bank of Washington Bannister Bank & Trust Boone County National Bank Callaway Bank Cass Commercial Bank CBC Bank Central Bank (Jefferson City) Central Bank (Lebanon-Conway) Central Bank of Lake of the Ozarks Century Bank of the Ozarks Commerce Bank Community State Bank Concordia Bank Country Club Bank Empire Bank Exchange Bank Farmers and Merchants Bank of St. Clair Farmers and Merchants Bankof Hale First Federal Bank First National Bank First National Bank and Trust Company First National Bank of Missouri First National Bank of St. Louis Heartland Bank Heritage Bank of St. Joseph Jefferson Bank of Missouri Kearney Commercial Bank Kearney Trust Company Liberty Bank Liberty Savings Bank F.S.B. Bank Midwest Independent Bank Neosho Savings and Loan Association O'Bannon Bank Ozark Bank Ozark Mountain Bank Peoples Bank Premier Bank Pulaski Bank Ripley County State Bank St. John's Bank and Trust Stone County National Bank The Bank of Salem Third National Bank of Sedalia UMB Bank Union State Bank Mississippi Bancorp South Bank of Commerce Bank of Holly Springs Bank of Winona Bank of Yazoo City Britton & Koontz First National Bank Carthage Bank Century Bank Citizens Bank of Philadelphia Cleveland State Bank Copiah Bank First Bank First National Bank of Clarksdale First National Bank of Picayune First National Bank of South Mississippi First Security Bank Bank of Franklin First State Bank Hancock Bank Lamar Bank Merchants & Farmers Bank (Kosciusko) Bank First Financial Services Merchants & Marine Bank National Commerce Bancorporation Planters Bank and Trust Company SouthTrust Bank Trustmark National Montana American Bank Montana American Federal Savings Bank Big Sky Western Bank Citizens State Bank First Citizens Bank First Interstate Bank First Security Bank Glacier Bank Heritage Bank of Kalispell Manhattan Bank Pioneer Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Ravalli County Bank Rocky Mountain Bank Ronan State Bank State Bank & Trust Company Stockman Bank Western Bank of Wolf Point Western Security Bank Yellowstone Bank North Carolina Anson Bank & Trust Ashe Federal Bank Bank of America Bank of Granite Bank of Oakridge Bank of Stanly BB&T Cabarrus Bank & Trust Cardinal State Bank Central Carolina Bank Centura Bank Coastal Federal Cooperative Bank Fidelity Bank First BanCorp First Charter First Citizens Bank First Commerce Bank First Community Bank First National Bank and Trust Company First Trust MortgageCorporation First Union Bank Lexington State Bank (LSB) Lincoln Bank Macon Bank Mechanics and Farmers Bank NationsBank NBC Bank North Carolina Trust Piedmont Bank Roanoke Rapids Savings Bank SouthTrust Bank The Community Bank Triangle Bank Wachovia Bank North Dakota American Federal Bank American State Bank and Trust Company American State Bank and Trust of Dickinson Bank Center First Citizens State Bank - Midwest Community First Bankshares, Inc. Community National Bank of Grand Forks Dacotah Bank Drayton State Bank First International Bank & Trust First Southwest Bank First State Bank (Buxton, Grand Forks, Thompson) First State Bank of NorthDakota Peoples State Bank of Westhope The First and Farmers Bank Union State Bank Fargo United Community Bank of North Dakota Union State Bank Fargo United Community Bank of North Dakota Nebraska Adams Bank & Trust Cass County Bank Citizens National Bank of Wisner City National Bank (Greeley) City National Bank & Trust (Hastings) Commercial Federal Bank Cornhusker Bank Enterprise Bank Farm Credit Services of America Farmer's Bank & Trust Co. First Bank & Trust Company (Cozad) First National Bank First National Bank of Holdrege First National Bank of Minden First National Bank of Valentine First National Beatrice Bank & Trust Company First Nebraska Bank Fort Calhoun State Bank Fremont National Bank & Trust Company Great Western Bank Jones National Bank & Trust Company McCook National Bank National Bank of Commerce Omaha State Bank Pender State Bank Platte Valley State Bank & Trust Company Plattsmouth State Bank Sidney Federal Savings & Loan Assn. State Bank of Hildreth State Bank of Odell The Cattle National Bank of Seward Two Rivers State Bank Union Bank & Trust Company United Nebraska Bank Western Nebraska National Bank United Nebraska Bank New Hampshire Bow Mills Bank and Trust Centrix Bank & Trust Connecticut River Bank,N.A. Federal Savings Bank - Dover First Signature Bank & Trust Fleet Bank Franklin Savings Bank Granite Bank Laconia Savings Bank Lake Sunapee Bank Ledyard National Bank Mascoma Savings Bank Meredith Village Savings Bank Pemigewasset National Bank Piscataqua Savings Bank Profile Bank, F.S.B. St. Mary's Bank Savings Bank of Walpole Woodsville Guaranty Savings Bank Savings Bank of Walpole Woodsville Guaranty Savings Bank New Jersey Amboy National Bank American Savings Bank of NJ Bergen Commercial Bank Boardwalk Bank Boiling Springs Savings Bank Bridge View Bank Cape Savings Bank City National Bank Clifton Savings Bank Columbia Savings Bank Community Bank of Bergen County Commerce Bank Crest Savings Bank Crown Bank Delanco Federal Savings Bank Equity Bank First Savings Bank of Little Falls First Savings Bank (Woodbridge) First Union Franklin Savings Bank Freehold Savings & Loan Association Great Falls Bank Greater Community Bancorp Harvest Community Bank Hudson City Savings Bank Kearny Federal Savings Bank Lakeland Bank Magyar Bank Manasquan Savings Bank Metropolitan State Bank Millington Savings Bank NJM Bank NVE Savings Bank Ocean First Bank Provident Savings Bank Pulaski Savings Bank Rahway Savings Institution Rock Community Bank Roma Federal Savings Bank SI Bank & Trust Skylands Community Bank Sovereign Bank Spencer Savings Bank Sturdy Savings Bank Sun National Bank Synergy Bank The Bank of Gloucester County The Towne Center Bank Trust Company Bank Union Center National Bank United National Bank Valley National Bank Woodstown National Bank and Trust Company Yardville National Bank New Mexico AccessBank Bank of New Mexico Bank of the Rio Grande Carlsbad National Bank Centinel Bank of Taos Century Bank Citizens Bank of Clovis Citizens Bank of Las Cruces First National Bank of Santa Fe Los Alamos National Bank Mountain Community Bank New Mexico Bank & Trust Peoples Bank of Taos Union Savings Bank Union Savings Bank Western Commerce Bank New York Adirondack Trust Company Astoria Federal Savings Atlas Savings & Loan Association Ballston Spa National Bank Banco do Brasil Bank Audi USA Bank of New York Bridgehampton National Bank Broadway National Bank Brooklyn Federal Savings Bank Brown Brothers Harriman& Company BSB Bank & Trust Canandaigua National Bankand Trust Company Carver Federal Savings Bank Cattaraugus County Bank Central National Bank CFS Bank Chase Manhattan Bank Citibank Cohoes Savings Bank Commercial Bank of New York Commerzbank Cross County Federal Savings Bank Dime Savings Bank of Williamsburgh Elmira Savings & Loan Financial Federal Savings First National Bank of Dryden First National Bank of Jeffersonville First National Bank of Northern New York First National Bank of Scotia First Tier Bank & Trust Flatbush Federal Savings and Loan Association Fleet Bank Flushing Savings Bank Geddes Federal Savings & Loan Association Great Eastern Bank Highland Falls Federal Savings HSBC Bank USA Hudson River Bank &Trust Co. Independence Community Bank Israel Discount Bank of NewYork Jamaica Savings Bank, FSB Lake Shore Savings LBS Bank Long Island Commercial Bank M &T Bank Marine Midland Bank Maspeth Federal Savings Monaco Bank of Trade Inc. MTB Bank National Bank of Geneva National Bank of Stamford NBT Bank, NA North Country Savings Bank North Fork Bank Orange County Trust Company Oswego County Savings Bank Pavilion State Bank Pioneer Savings Bank Ponce de Leon Federal Savings Bank Provident Bank Queens County Savings Bank Reliance Bancorp, Inc. Republic National Bank of New York Richmond County Savings Bank Ridgewood Savings Bank Rondout Savings Bank Roslyn Savings Bank SBU Bank SI Bank & Trust Skaneateles Savings Bank Sound Federal Savings and Loan Association Standard Chartered State Bank of India State Bank of Long Island Sterling National Bank Steuben Trust Company Stissing National Bank Suffolk County National Bank Tioga State Bank Tompkins County Trust Company Troy Savings Bank Ulster Savings Bank Union State Bank Wallkill Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association Warwick Savings Bank Wilber National Bank Wyoming County Bank Yonkers Savings and Loan Association Nevada Bank of America Bank of the West Citibank Community Bank of Nevada First Independent Bank of Nevada First National Bank of Nevada Nevada State Bank Silver State Bank Sun West Bank U.S. Bank Valley Bank Ohio Advance Financial Savings Bank American National Bank Apple Creek Banking Co. Bank One Belmont National Bank Champaign National Bank andTrust Charter One Bank Chippewa Valley Bank Sky Bank Sky Bank Citizens Banking Company (Sandusky) Citizens Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Citizens National Bank Citizens Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Citizens National Bank (Urbana) Commercial Bank Consumers National Bank Cornerstone Bank Dollar Bank, FSB Fairfield Federal Savings& Loan Fairfield National Bank Farmers and Savings Bank Farmers National Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati Fifth Third Bank First Community Bank First Federal (Defiance) First Federal Savings and Loan Association (Van Wert) First Federal Savings Bank of Ironton First-Knox National Bank First Merit First National Bank of Germantown Fort Jennings State Bank Franklin Savings Greenville Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Guernsey Bank Heartland Bank Hicksville Building, Loan& Savings Bank Home Savings & Loan Huntington Banks Kenwood Savings Bank Key Bank Liberty National Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mercantile Savings Bank Mercer Savings Bank Metropolitan National Bank of Youngstown Monitor Bank National City Monroe Federal Savings & Loan Assn. NCB Savings Bank, FSB North Akron Savings Bank Northern Savings & Loan Company Ohio Savings Bank Park National Bank Peoples Federal Savings and Loan Association of Massillon Peoples Savings & Loan, West Liberty Provident Second National Bank (Greenville) Second National Bank (Warren) Sky Bank Sky Financial Group Star Bank Sycamore National Bank The Hicksville Bank The Richwood Banking Company Twin Valley Bank Union Bank Company United Bank United Midwest Savings Bank U. S. Bank Valley Savings Bank Wayne County National Bank Wayne Savings Community Bank WesBanco Oklahoma American Bank & Trust American Heritage Bank American National Bank (Ardmore) Americrest Bank Arkansas Valley State Bank (Broken Arrow) Arvest American NationalBank Arvest Bank Arvest State Bank BancFirst Bank of the Panhandle Bank of Oklahoma Bank One Canadian State Bank Central National Bank of Alva Citizens Bank & Trust Company (Ardmore) Citizens Bank of Ada City National Bank & Trust Oklahoma Coppermark Bank Exchange Bank and Trust Company F & M Bank, N.A. F&M Bank & Trust Company First Bank First Bank & Trust Company (Duncan) First Bank & Trust Company (Perry) First Bethany Bank &Trust First Farmers National Bank First Fidelity Bank First National Bank & Trust Company (Ada) First National Bank & Trust Company (Ardmore) First National Bank andTrust Company in Clinton First National Bank and Trust Co. of Weatherford First National Bank (Altus) First National Bank in Durant First National Bank of Midwest City First National Bank of Nowata First National Bank of Okmulgee First Pryority Bank First United Bank Grand Lake Bank Lincoln National Bank Mid First Bank National Bank of Commerce NBC Bank Oklahoma State Bank Payne County Bank Pioneer Bank and Trust Quail Creek Bank RCB Bank Republic Bank of Norman Security National Bank& Trust Shamrock Bancshares Southwestern Bank &Trust Company Spirit Bank Stillwater National Bank and Trust Company Sulphur Community Bank Superior Federal Bank The Stock Exchange Bank UMB Bank United Bank of Del City WestStar Bank Oregon Bank of America Bank of the Cascades Bank of the West Community First Bank Evergreen Federal First Consumers National Bank Inland Empire Bank Lincoln Security Bank Oregon Pacific Banking Company Pacific Continental Bank Pacific State Bank Security Bank Holding Company US Bank West Coast Bankcorp Pennsylvania 1st Main Line Bank 1st Summit Bank Abington Bank Allegheny Valley Bank Allfirst Bank American Bank Apollo Trust Company Atlantic Central Bankers Bank Bank of Hanover and Trust Company Bank of Lancaster County BankPittsburgh Beneficial Savings Bank Blue Ball National Bank Bucktail Bank & Trust Company Charleroi Federal Savings Bank Central Pennsylvania Bank Century National Bank & Trust Company Chestnut Hill National Bank Citizens & Northern Bank Citizens National Bank of Evans City Citizens National Bank ofSouthern Pennsylvania Commercial National Bank of Pennsylvania Commonwealth Bank Community Bank CoreStates Bank County National Bank Dollar Bank Downington National Bank Eagle National Bank East Stroudsburg Savings Association Elverson National Bank Ephrata National Bank Eureka Bank Farmers First Bank Fidelity Bank Fidelity Deposit & Discount Bank First Capitol Bank First Citizens National Bank First Commonwealth Bank First CommonwealthFinancial Corporation First County Bank First Federal Bank First Federal of BucksCounty First Keystone FederalSavings Bank First National Bank & Trust Company of Newton First National Bank ofBerwick First National Bank of Greencastle First National Bank of Herminie First National Bank of Leesport First National Bank of Mercersburg First National Bank of Port Allegany First National Community Bank First National Trust Bank FirstService Bank First Star Savings Bank First Union Firstrust Bank FNB Bank, N.A. Founders' Bank Fulton Bank Fulton Financial Corporation Gratz National Bank Great American Federal Great Valley Bank Harleysville National Bankand Trust Company Harris Savings Bank Honesdale National Bank Bank Investment Savings Bank Jim Thorpe National Bank Keystone Financial Keystone Savings Bank LA Bank Lafayette Ambassador Bank Laurel Savings Bank Laurel Bank Lebanon Valley Farmers Bank Legacy Bank Luzerne National Bank Mellon Bank Mercer County State Bank Merchants Bank of Pennsylvania Merchants National Bank of Bangor Merchants National Bank of Kittanning Mifflinburg Bank & Trust Muncy Bank & TrustCompany National Bank of the North East National Penn Bank Nazareth National Bank Northumberland National Bank Omega Financial Corporation Parkvale Bank Patriot Bank Pennsylvania Business Bank Pennsylvania Capital Bank Pennsylvania State Bank Pennview Savings Bank Peoples State Bank Pioneer American Bank, N.A. PNC Bank Premier Bank Prestige Bank Promistar Bank PSB - Peoples State Bank Quakertown National Bank Scottdale Bank &: Trust Co. Somerset Trust Company Southwest Bank Sovereign Bank Standard Bank, PaSB Susquehanna Bancshares Bank Swineford National Bank Third Federal Savings Bank Turbotville National Bank Union National Bank United Bank of Philadelphia Vartan National Bank Wayne Bank Williamsport National Bank WingspanBank.com Woodlands Bank Rhode Island Bank Boston Bank of Newport Domestic Bank Fleet Bank Milford Federal Savings & Loan Assn Newport Federal Savings Bank The Washington Trust Company Westerly Savings Bank South Carolina AgFirst Farm Credit Bank American Federal Bank Arthur State Bank Bank of America Bank of Anderson Bank of Clarendon Bank of Greeleyville Bank of South Carolina BB&T Beach First National Bank Carolina First Bank Carolina State Bank Centura Bank Clemson Bank & Trust Coastal Federal Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank of South Carolina First Citizens National Bank First Federal of Charleston South Carolina Bank and Trust First National Bank of South Carolina First Reliance Bank First Savers Bank First Trust Mortgage Corporation First Union Greenwood Bank & Trust Lighthouse Community Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mutual Savings & Loan Association Mutual Savings Bank National Bank of South Carolina Palmetto Bank Palmetto State Bank Pee Dee State Bank People's Community Bank of South Carolina Peoples Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Peoples National Bank Plantation Federal Savings Bank Provident Community Bank Security Federal Bank South Carolina Bank and Trust SouthTrust Bank The County Bank Trust Company of the South Wachovia Bank Pinnacle State Bank Wachovia Bank South Dakota Andes State Bank American State Bank BankWest Brookings Federal Bank Community First Bankshares, Inc. Dacotah Bank Farmers State Bank (Marion) First Midwest Bank First National Bank in Brookings First National Bank in Garretson First National Bank in Sioux Falls First State Bank of Sinai Founders Trust National Bank Home Federal Bank Rushmore Bank & Trust State Bank of Alcester Valley Banks Valley Banks - Community Trust Tennessee Athens Federal Bank of Cleveland Bank of America Bank of Bartlett Bank of Crockett Bank of Dickson Bank of Halls Bank of Jackson Bank of Ripley Bank of Sharon Bank Tennessee Carroll Bank and Trust Cavalry Banking Commercial Bank & Trust Company Citizens Bank Citizens National Bank (Athens) Citizens National Bank (Sevier) Citizens Tri-County Bank City State Bank Cleveland Bank & Trust Colonial Bank EFS Federal Savings Bank Enterprise National Bank First American National Bank First Central Bank First Citizens National Bank First Community Bank First National Bank of Oneida First State Bank First Tennessee Bank First Virginia Bank Hardin County Bank InSouth Bank Legends Bank NBC Bank Security Bank Security Federal Savings Bank Sevier County Bank SouthTrust Bank Sun Trust Banks Traders National Bank Tri-State Bank of Memphis Union Bank Union Planters Bank Weakley County Texas Abrams Centre National Bank Alliance Bank Amarillo National Bank American Bank American Bank of Commerce American Bank of Texas American National Bank (Wichita Falls) American State Bank Bank of America Bank of Galveston Bank of Texas Bank of the West Bank One Bank United BankDirect Baytown State Bank Bonham State Bank Brady National Bank Brenham National Bank Broadway National Bank Caldwell National Bank Canyon Creek National Bank Central National Bank (Waco) Citizens Bank & Trust Company Citizens National Bank (Brownwood) Citizens National Bank (Fort Worth) Citizens National Bank (Henderson) Citizens National Bank (Waxahachie) Citizens State Bank of Somerville City National Bank (Kilgore) City National Bank City State Bank of Palacios Clear Lake National Bank Coastal Banc Colonial Savings Commercial National Bank of Texarkana Community Bank & Trust Compass Bank CompuBank Coppermark Bank Del Rio National Bank Eagle Bank Eisenhower National Bank Elgin Bank Farm Credit Bank of Texas Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas First American Bank Texas First Bank (Azle) First Bank & Trust of East Texas First Capital Bank First Capital Bank First Community Bank (Houston) First Convenience Bank First-Lockhart National Bank First National Bank of Athens First National Bank in Cameron First National Bank in Port Lavaca First National Bank of Abilene First National Bank of Anson First National Bank of Beeville First National Bank of Bellaire First National Bank of Jacksboro First National Bank of La Grange First National Bank of Mineola First National Bank of San Benito First National Bank of Sudan First National Bank of Texas First National Bank of Trenton First National Bank of Wichita Falls First National Bank Texas First Savings Bank First State Bank (Happy) First State Bank (Stratford) First State Bank ofLivingston First Texas Bank First United Bank ofDimmitt First USA First Victoria National Bank Fort Hood National Bank Franklin Bank Fredonia State Bank Friona State Bank Frost Bank Gateway National Bank Graham Savings & Loan Heritage National Bank Interstate Bank Jefferson State Bank Kleberg Bank Landmark Bank Laredo National Bank League City Bank &Trust Longview Bank & Trust Main Bank Mainland Bank Mansfield Community Bank Marble Falls National Bank MetroBank Moody National Bank National Bank NBC of Texas North Dallas Bank & Trust Norwest Online Orange Savings Bank Perryton National Bank PNB Financial Point Bank Schwertner State Bank Schertz Bank & Trust Security Bank Security Bank Garland Security State Bank Share Plus Federal Bank Southwest Bank Southwest Bank of Texas Star Bank of Texas State Bank - La Grange State Bank & Trust State Bank of Texas State National Bank ofTexas State National Bank of West Texas Stephenville Bank &Trust Company Summit Bancshares, Inc. Summit National Bank Synergy Bank Texas Bank (Brownwood) Texas Bank (Weatherford) Texas Capital Bank Texas Community Bank & Trust Texas First Bank Texas Gulf Bank Texas National Bank Texas State Bank (San Angelo) The Bank & Trust The Bank of Texas ValueBank Texas Woodcreek Bank Woodforest National Bank Woodcreek Bank Woodforest National Bank Utah Bank of Utah Bank One Barnes Banking Company Central Bank Far West Bank First Security Bank First Utah Bank Home Credit Bank Lewiston State Bank State Bank of Southern Utah Zions First National Bank Virginia Acacia Federal Savings Bank Access National Bank Bank of Botetourt Bank of Clarke County Bank of Essex Bank of Hampton Roads Hanover Bank Bank of Southside Virginia Bank of Tazewell County Bank of the Commonwealth Bank of Williamsburg BB&T Benchmark Community Bank Blue Grass Valley Bank Cardinal Bank Central Virginia Bank Centura Bank Chesapeake Bank Citibank Commonwealth Community Bank Community Bank Community Bank of Northern Virginia F & M Bank - Peoples First Citizens Bank First Community Bank First National Bank ofChristiansburg First Virginia Bank Fredericksburg Savings Bank Guaranty Bank Highlands Union Bank Lee Bank & Trust Company Miners & Merchants Bank& Trust Company Monarch Bank National Bank of Blacksburg NBC Bank New Peoples Bank Northern Neck State Bank Old Point National Bank Planters Bank & Trust Company of Virginia Rappahannock National Bank Resource Bank Rockingham Heritage Bank Shore Bank Southside Bank The Fauquier Bank The Middleburg Bank Union Bank & Trust Company Union Bankshares Corporation United Bank Vermont Chittenden Bank Citizen's Savings Bank & Trust Company Community National Bank Connecticut River Bank Factory Point National Bank Lyndonville Savings Bank Merchants Bank Northfield Savings Bank Washington Anchor Savings Bank Bank of America Bank of Clark County Bank of the West Bank of Whitman Banner Bank Cascade Bank Columbia Bank HomeStreet Bank EvergreenBank Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle First Federal Savings of Port Angeles First Mutual Bank Heritage Bank Islanders Bank North Sound Bank Northwest Farm CreditServices Northwest International Bank Pacific Northwest Bank Pend Oreille Bank Phoenix Savings Bank Rainier Pacific Riverview Community Bank Seattle Savings Bank Security State Bank The Commerce Bank ofWashington Today's Bank U.S. Bank Washington State Bank Washington Trust Bank Westsound Bank Yakima Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Wisconsin Abbotsford State Bank Amcore Bank American Community Bank American National Bank AnchorBank Associated Bank Bank of Lake Mills Bank of New Richmond Bank of Prairie du Sac Bank of Wisconsin Dells Bankers' Bank Cornerstone Community Bank Baraboo National Bank Baylake Bank Black River County Bank Cambridge State Bank Citizens State Bank ofLoyal Community Business Bank Community First Bank Community State Bank Cornerstone Community Bank DMB Community Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank F &M Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank & Trust Farmers Savings Bank First Bank & Trust First Banking Center First Citizens State Bank First Community Bank (Milton) First Federal Savings Bank First National Bank (Manitowoc) First National Bank of Baldwin First National Bank of Hartford First National Bank of Hudson First National Bank of Waupaca First National Bank of New Richmond First National Bank of River Falls First Northern Savings Bank Firstar Bank Fortress Bank Fox Valley Savings Bank Guaranty Bank Great Midwest Bank Green Lake State Bank Greenwood's State Bank Hiawatha National Bank Home Savings Bank Hometown Bank Ixonia State Bank Jackson County Bank Johnson Bank M&I Bank Maritime Savings Bank Markesan State Bank McFarland State Bank Mid-Wisconsin Bank Monona State Bank Monona State Bank Mutual Savings Bank Park Bank Peoples State Bank (Prairie du Chien) PremierBank River Falls State Bank State Bank of Cross Plains State Bank of Drummond State Bank of Florence State Bank of Howards Grove State Bank of Viroqua Stephenson National Bank & Trust The Bank of New Glarus The National Bank of Waupun The Peoples State Bank (Mazomanie) Walworth State Bank Wauwatosa Savings Bank Wisconsin Community Bank Wood County National Bank West Virginia Advance Financial Savings Bank Bank of America Bank of Mingo Bank One Belington Bank Belmont National Bank Bruceton Bank Capital State Bank Capon Valley Bank Citizens Bank of Morgantown Citizens National Bank (Elkins) City National Bank Davis Trust Company First Century Bank First Community Bank First Exchange Bank First National Bank (Ronceverte) Hancock County Savings Bank Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Huntington Federal Savings Bank OneValley Bank Pendleton County Bank South Branch ValleyNational Bank United National Bank WesBanco Wyoming American National Bank Bank of Jackson Hole First Interstate Bank First Federal Savings Bank First National Bank & Trust of Powell First National Bank of Wyoming First Security Bank Hilltop National Bank Jackson State Bank Norwest Oregon Trail Bank Security State Bank Shoshone First Bank Tri-County Bank Wyoming Bank & Trust Limits of Liability / Disclaimer of Warranty: The authors and publisher of this book and the accompanying materials have used their best efforts in preparing this program. The authors and publisher make no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, or completeness of the contents of this program. They disclaim any warranties (expressed or implied), merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. The authors and publisher shall in no event be held liable for any loss or other damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential, or other damages. As always, the advice of a competent legal, tax, accounting or other professional should be sought. The authors and publisher do not warrant the performance, effectiveness or applicability of any sites listed in this book. All links are for information purposes only and are not warranted for content, accuracy or any other implied or explicit purpose. This manual contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized use of this material is prohibited. Adobe, Adobe Acrobat and related names are the property or Adobe Systems Incorporated. No relationship with or endorsement of this publication by Adobe Systems Incorporated should be TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION: A WISE INVESTMENT!....................................................................................................................................4 CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY ...................................................................................6 THE WISDOM BEHIND HOW THE IRS VIEWS YOU ............................................................................................................................... 6 UNWISE BUSINESS IDEAS ........................................................................................................................................................................8 TYPES OF BUSINESSES AND THE IMPACT ON BUSINESS CREDIT .......................................................................................................... 9 CHAPTER 2: BUSINESS CREDITOLOGY 101 .............................................................................................................................12 THE THREE BUREAUS ...........................................................................................................................................................................12 SOME BASIC BUSINESS CREDIT CONCEPTS .........................................................................................................................................14 THE SCORING MODELS OF THE DNB...................................................................................................................................................16 PERSONAL GUARANTORS AND GUARANTEES DEMYSTIFIED ............................................................................................................. 18 CHAPTER 3. GETTING MERCHANT CREDIT ...........................................................................................................................20 WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW BY NOW .....................................................................................................................................................20 TYPES OF VENDORS THAT WILL GIVE YOU INSTANT CREDIT ............................................................................................................. 20 WHY VENDOR CREDIT IS IMPORTANT .................................................................................................................................................23 CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES.........................................................................................24 ON THE SUBJECT OF GUARANTORS .....................................................................................................................................................24 TRUE BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS ...........................................................................................................................................................25 WHO GIVES OUT BUSINESS CARDS? ....................................................................................................................................................25 WHAT’S AN UNSECURED CREDIT LINE AND HOW IT FUNCTIONS ..................................................................................................... 30 CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN................................................................................31 WATCH AND FOLLOW THE GURU IN ACTION TO LEARN ................................................................................................................... 31 THE FIRST FEW UNSECURED CREDIT CARDS AND A CREDIT LINE OF UP TO $100K ....................................................................... 36 YEAR 1 OF BUSINESS CREDIT AND BEYOND ........................................................................................................................................37 CHAPTER 6: WHY SHELF COMPANIES ARE A WASTE OF TIME FOR YOU ...................................................................39 DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY .....................................................................................................................................................39 TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONT'D) WHAT A BROKER ISN’T GOING TO TELL YOU ...................................................................................................................................40 CHAPTER 7: USING A BUSINESS CREDIT SERVICES BROKER ..........................................................................................42 THE CREDIT WORLD IS FILLED WITH DEEP CHASMS ........................................................................................................................ 42 SOME COMMON FAQ’S OR HOW TO TELL IF YOUR BROKER IS A GURU VS. AN APPRENTICE .......................................................43 CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING ................................................................................................................................................................................ 46 APPENDIX OF VENDORS.................................................................................................................................................................48 APPENDIX OF BANKS ......................................................................................................................................................................59 INTRODUCTION: A Wise Investment! G u r u Says... “The world of business credit consists of two separate groups of people, the Masters and the Apprentices. The main divider between both is knowledge, for there is nothing the Master can do that the Apprentice can’t.” You now have the one source that will save you thousands of dollars in lost broker fees, bad advice and scams. For some, that’s worth the price of your investment in this book already. If I had a teacher (in a book or in person) like this when I was starting out building my business credit, it would have saved me countless of hours of research, headaches and awful, expensive advice. When I was an Apprentice in the world of Business Credit, I ran into countless brokers or business credit services providers in this market who knew nothing, yet charged $6,000 - $25,000 a pop for shelf companies, credit lines and other over the top offers. I often heard tall tales about what is and isn’t possible with a company. I was confused, distraught and felt completely lost in the dark. Every second that passed by, I felt that I was somehow losing ground. If you find yourself in the same situation, rest assured, you are not alone. This is the common fate of the business credit Apprentice. Alternatively, business credit Masters exist and operate in a different realm. They flow in and out of the business world being able to attain lines of credit, credit cards, and letters of credit without any difficulty. They are rarely ever led astray or misled for they know what is possible and what isn’t. Not only are they able to guide their own credit identities using certain time tested principles, but they also never ask any business credit brokers for advice even though some may opt to use a broker’s services. For our purposes, these Masters are considered Gurus. They can exist as teachers, leaders or at the very least knowledgeable entities in the realm of business credit. I am a Guru. And if you’re willing, I’m going to teach you how to become one. What you’re reading now is a straight to the point, hands-on approach to understanding and creating business credit for owners of companies that have bad personal credit. To date, little has been written about what can be done for entrepreneurs with personal credit scores below a 680 FICO as far as credit cards and bank credit lines are concerned (if you are unsure of these two items, I explain them later in this book). But, being a Guru, I show you how to attain bank credit lines despite having bad personal credit. How can I do this when others promise that nothing of the sort can be done? I use a simple tactic that I’ve often used with companies that can’t document the credit history of every shareholder...I lay it all out for you in an easy to read guide that you can come back to over and over again. As you’ll notice, the book is rather brief. Being a Guru, I have no time or use for fluff and neither do you. I cut through the falsifications and exaggerations to deliver the truth. The truth rarely requires explanation. You need a fast and straight to the point approach because you’re not going to get it from very many other sources on the internet. I have organized this book assuming that you have no knowledge of business credit and have no revenues, and no clients. If you find yourself in different circumstances, all the better, yet I don’t suspect too many to be in worse circumstances. Being an entrepreneur with bad personal credit, I’ve laid out the sections in this book so that you can figure out how to get a fresh start if you were to create a company from day one. In the later sections, I dive into how to assess your company’s EXISTING credit and work with it from that point forward. It is my hope that one or both of the perspectives benefit you. Before moving forward, you should know that I’ve created this book from a perspective of knowledge and giving. It is so important in understanding and getting business credit that if you took away all of the bankers I have come to know, all the credit specialists I speak to regularly, all the seminars I’ve attended, all the websites and user forums I’ve researched, and left me just this book, I would know all of what I needed to know to launch a business, get credit and spend almost nothing out of my own pocket! Now that’s what a Guru would teach you. I am the Guru and you are my Apprentice. Let’s Get Started. IMPORTANT If you like what I have to say and are looking for some great passive income opportunities I discuss later in the book, do us and yourself a huge favor. Become an affiliate with the Business Credit Guru and promote this book. As you’ll see, I don’t tout myself as being a Guru for no reason. I know the ins and outs and have no need to lie to exaggerate the truth. Help your fellow entrepreneurs get the right education in this oft elusive market. We give away extremely generous commissions to our affiliate partners and even let you in on marketing tips and secrets for generating regular income. Click here to learn more and join. CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY TH E G u r u Says... “A properly organized company will bear many fruits from the business credit tree.” The Wisdom Behind How the IRS Views You In our world, the IRS cares about one thing and one thing only: getting paid what’s owed to them. They couldn’t care less as to who is doing the paying as long as someone, or something, pays them what’s owed. There is an entire world of wisdom in that realization yet it escapes many business owners. Instead, many entrepreneurs start off in the wrong direction right away by assuming that their business and they are one and the same. They’re not. The IRS doesn’t seem to want to agree with that idea. So why should you? You are a separate entity from your business unless you’re a sole proprietor. G u r u Tip Sole Proprietorships usually come with big and often dire consequences to the entrepreneur in the realm of business credit. G u r u Recommendation “Stay Away from Them!” Let’s clarify. When you go to a CPA to file taxes at year’s end, the IRS taxes both you and the business. Of course, it’s a lot more complicated than that, but the IRS already knows that (unless you are sole proprietorship) you and your business are two different entities. They treat you like two different entities. This is advantageous. If your business is separate from you, then so should be your business credit. Our goal in creating business credit is simply to get everyone to view us as separate entities, and not just the IRS. This is a crucial point if you’re a sole proprietor as you’ll NEVER be able to successfully accomplish everything I lay out here unless you incorporate. Our dilemma, of course, is that initially credit bureaus, banks and other merchants don’t view us as separate entities. They don’t behave like the IRS in allowing you to separate yourself from your business at the onset. In this case, it is not to their advantage. They don’t have any security in the business especially when the owner(s) of the business suffer from bad personal credit. What’s worse is that throughout the life of a business, most owners won’t do enough to separate themselves from the business. Business owners are so busy creating revenues (as they should be) or lining up funding that the world of business credit is as foreign a concept to them as nuclear engineering. Remember when you were young and your parents told you that establishing good credit history will save you a lot of headache and money over the years? Well they were right! The Guru is now telling you that as an entrepreneur establishing credit history for your business is just as important and if not more important than your personal credit history. Your business is a source of income for you. A way to pay bills and perhaps one day lead a lifestyle you read about in books or watch in movies. The only thing you can count on for income after yourself (and perhaps your spouse) is your business. And as such, it should be treated with respect, nurtured, regularly monitored, and cultivated. I can’t tell you the number of times I get business owners who want credit after being in operation for 3 years and haven’t ever taken a look at a copy of their business credit report. I think this is just amazing and massively detrimental. Some have no other source of income other than the business yet when I mention things such as “Your business credit score is too low” or “There are tax liens on your business credit profile” they get insulted, frustrated and of course angry. The reason being is that most of the time when someone *really* wants business credit, it’s at the 11th hour when they’ve finally gotten an opportunity to buy something at wholesale prices from a foreign source, or a large purchase order from a major manufacturer. And as we all know, anything done in the 11th hour is expensive, frustrating and often bears ill results. G u r u Tip Not Being Aware of Your Business Credit Score is a Recipe for 11th Hour Frustrations and Let Downs G u r u Recommendation “Regardless of whether you are starting a knitting shop selling your blankets for $4.99 a pop or a software company trying to secure it’s first $30M in seed money, stay AWARE of your business credit!” Unwise Business Ideas There are a few things you need to stay away from as far as business ideas are concerned. The reasons for this are simple. As an owner with bad personal credit you’re already viewed as a risk. Bankers believe that there is a one to one correlation between bad personal credit and inability to pay business debts on time. In most cases, they are right. Though a minority of the population suffers from life altering events that make payment on credit and debt obligations impossible, the majority of individuals who suffer from bad personal credit are simply irresponsible and do not pay attention to concepts such as budgeting, financial planning, and squeezing the penny to the nth degree. What I’m saying may seem harsh and may even invoke some anger or frustration in some of you. I appreciate your situation. No one knows about the hardships and decisions you’ve made in your life except you. But, my advice my dear Apprentice is to be wise. In most cases, the first human response to any statement perceived as an attack is denial. Thus it’s important to understand that I’m not attacking you. Instead, I’m simply stating some common knowledge among bankers, creditors and financiers. Your goal should be to be honest with yourself and correct these patterns. They will not help you in your business. Right now let’s concentrate on getting some basics out of the way so the remainder of the path isn’t confusing. There are a few business ideas that seem like they’re home runs on paper but in truth are going to lead you into some serious credit problems down the road. If you’re starting up and looking for business ideas, these are a few to stay away from. If you’ve got a multi billion dollar plan for one of these ideas, I definitely don’t want to tell you to abandon it. Just know that the deck is stacked against you as many people will refuse to deal with you on ethical, legal or financial accountability basis. Here they are: i. Anything associated with Adult Entertainment ii. Online Gambling Casinos iii. A Business that buys/sells Financial Notes iv. A Real Estate Investment Firm (my personal favorite) The first category, Adult Entertainment, doesn’t really need to be explained in too much depth so I’ll skip it. Just know that putting anything remotely associated with the industry is automatic grounds for denial for most banking credit and quite a few merchants as well. The second category is where it gets interesting. A while ago, I got approached by a group of young kids trying to startup an online casino; they called it “poker school”, and wanted to amass large credit lines to handle their cash inflows and outflows. Apparently these guys were some local poker sharks in the area and had amassed quite a bit of money as they were talking about paying someone $50K to set up a shelf company (discussed later) and get some credit going for them. They heard about me from one of my Apprentices turned Guru and were really excited about my methods. At the time, I had never considered going down this road for a potential client base and was a bit excited by the challenge. I called around a few banks and got one of my trusted expert credit officers on the line and discussed the idea with him. He flat out told me that 99% of the banks he knew of would not consider this request simply because of their industry. I was quite taken aback. Apparently gambling institutions are not a hot ticket item for banks despite the obvious cash flow implications. Some banks won’t even let these institutions open up checking accounts. The reasons for this vary from State to State, but the gist is that as gambling is outlawed in most states, and any entity dealing with gambling not pre-approved by the state is going to be penalized. Since banks are the most regulated institutions in the country, it’s no surprise that no one wants to take any risk associating themselves with an outfit that is potentially doing something illegal. Most banks simply won’t risk it. G u r u Tip Developing Credit and Banking Relationships is Key to becoming a Guru Financial note sellers and real estate investment firms are lumped into the same category as far as banking relationships are concerned. Both are considered high risk industries due to the sheer amount of defaults, non payments, and inexperienced managers. Real estate investment firms are especially frowned upon because of the lack of stability in this market on “flipping” properties. Startups looking for money or credit are always troublesome and heavily scrutinized. Many companies that have long business histories often have the idea of buying distressed real estate properties and start looking for credit to do so. Though it’s certainly possible to attain business credit lines, explicitly getting credit for investment purposes is usually grounds for an automatic denial. From a financing perspective, being as expensive as they are with respect to interest rates, general investing simply does not deliver the type of return that would make the credit line worthwhile anyway. Types of Businesses and the Impact on Business Credit In order to become a Guru, first you must learn about foundations of business legalities. The reason being is that in most cases it’s important to understand how a C corporation gets credit versus how a Partnership would get credit. I use the term credit loosely for the time being. I will start dissecting its meaning in a few chapters down the road. For now, it’s sufficient to know that credit is granted by someone or something and that entity, the Credit Grantor, is who we are focused on. In the world of business credit, what kind of legal status your company is has a direct impact on how credit will be granted to you. A Buddhist belief beckons that boredom is one of the keys to enlightenment. If that’s so, the following section is both, enlightening and boring. G u r u Tip Credit Grantors view the world in a different way. Evolving from Apprentice to Guru requires one to take a look from their perspective and not your own. Sole Proprietorships In the world of Gurus and Credit Grantors, Sole Proprietorships are always a sign of hidden problems. As an entrepreneur, they do little for you. They offer limited protection from any lawsuits and do not create a separate business identity aside of a tax ID number and a starting platform for doing business. Typically, I consider these the lazy way to be in business. As I said earlier, I advise against Sole Proprietorships. Things such as personal tax liens and collections can easily be reflected in your business credit profile. Your personal credit will rebound quickly from these types of faux pas, but your business credit will not. There are plenty of entrepreneurs out there who have operated for years as a sole proprietorship and then decide to incorporate as either an S or C corporation. In my professional experience, 80% of this group often has hidden liens, judgments and collections that are showing not only against their personal credit but also on their business credit. These are rather difficult to eliminate, so why even bother with the hassle? G u r u Recommendation “Don’t be lazy. If your business is producing income; incorporate.” Partnerships These are a better option for business credit rather than sole proprietorships, but still have some serious limitations. First limitation is that a partnership is again, a “de facto” way to be in business without really taking the time to incorporate. Hence, it too, offers little protection. Each partner is considered a sole and separate entity that is joined with the other(s) to transact under one Tax ID number. This advice is of course limited to small business entrepreneurs and not established corporations that decided to form a partnership agreement to do business under. The problem we often run into here though is that Credit Grantors usually look at the partners as equal shares in the company. This may work against those in the situation where one partner’s credit score is terrible (make no mistake: we’re going to need credit scores to get business lines of credit and credit cards). In that case, little if anything can be done. Corporations There are two types, S and C corporations. Despite the common perception that C is better than S in business credit decisions, I have never experienced any proof of why this is or if it’s even a valid statement. Both are fine. And both leave quite a bit of wiggle room when a business owner has bad credit scores. Getting alternative guarantors on corporations is easy as updating with the state’s filing status and appropriate papers and then waiting for seasoning requirements by banks. LLC’s In the business world, the added advantage of an LLC over a corporation is that through a few residential lenders, the LLC can get independent residential financing. Residential financing can be granted to a LLC, instead of the individual, if the loan to home value ratio is low (usually 65% or lower). The credit scores of the owners of the LLC (or the operating managers) have to be good to grant this loan and the LLC has to be an income generating business that can pay the balance of the mortgage through its profits. There are (to date) NO stated or no income documentation programs. I mention this little tidbit of information for the large sea of would be real estate investment firms that are constantly looking for business credit. This is one way with one caveat. If you’re a LLC with an array of credit lines and are arranging a loan to buy residential real estate, you’ll have to show how you’re coming up with the large down payments. In the case when I’ve worked with LLC’s who were borrowing against credit lines to come up with the down payment, the request was always declined. Always! Business credit for LLC’s is easily attainable but once again, just as in the case of the corporations, the overwhelming majority of managing partners (not owners) need to have stellar credit in order to qualify for the bank credit lines and credit cards. This advice applies to startups and business entities that do not have an established business credit history. There are ways to qualify for both without personal credit checks or at the least, without as much emphasis on personal credit. G u r u Tip LLC’s and Corporations have equal weight in the business credit world with LLC’s having the added advantage of being able to qualify for certain types of financing by themselves CHAPTER 2: BUSINESS CREDITOLOGY 101 TH E G u r u Says... “When in Doubt, Understand that All Knowledge Extends From a Few Fundamental Concepts.” The Three Bureaus In the last section you may have picked up on me referring to bank credit lines and merchant lines of credit. If you were confused about how these differ, I will clear them up in this section. But, let’s start with the bureaus first. Understanding the what, the who, and the how of the organizations that are actually creating and monitoring your company’s business credit will greatly help in understanding the range of what is and isn’t possible. G u r u Tip Credit Grantors look at the data from credit bureaus to determine if a corporation is worthy of credit. G u r u Recommendation “Learn as much as you can about the different types of credit bureaus and how they keep score” There are multiple credit bureaus in the business credit world and just like in the personal credit market, they are not run by a governmental body. All credit bureaus are independent organizations that operate by selling credit information to businesses or consumers. In the business realm, there are 3 major credit bureaus and a few minor ones. The big three are: Dunn and Bradstreet (DNB) Experian Business Equifax Business By far, the most commonly used bureau is Dunn and Bradstreet, or DNB for short. Unlike the personal credit markets, businesses inquiring about another entity’s credit do not pull reports of all three bureaus. The reason being is that it’s simply too expensive. On average, each report can cost anywhere from $9.99 to $149.99 for a single pull without a volume account. If pulling all three bureaus was the norm, businesses would be spending potentially $400+ getting credit for a company. On average, most companies will pull two credit reports: DNB and Experian. The major difference between the bureaus is the number of businesses each one reports on in its database and the scoring system(s) they use. Each bureau has a separate and unique scoring system. We’ll dive into these systems later, but for now its enough to know unlike the personal credit market where a 700 score means the same thing for all three personal credit bureaus, a 225 score from DNB is not the same as a 225 score from Experian Business (225 doesn’t even exist as a potential score from Experian). Experian Business and DNB credit reports on a business account for 99% of all the reports I have come across to date. Once a business requests credit from a given merchant or bank the vendor will pull a credit report through one of these bureaus. For example, let’s say a small distribution company called Pacific Distribution sells office products to Bay Area law firms. In an effort to expand business, the shareholders decide to court a big Southern California client and receive a huge order for various office products. Let’s also assume that Pacific Distribution is a very small outfit (a 3 man show) and is incredibly cash poor. Instead of paying their suppliers in cash which would leave them severely depleted in reserves, the owners rather request a $50,000 revolving credit line from each supplier to help manage cash flows. To date, Pacific has made no such request from any vendor and its business credit profile has never been pulled. If all the suppliers use Experian to pull credit, Experian will be the first one notified that Pacific Distribution is seeking credit and will create a new file for the company. There is little the owners can do to modify the information provided to the credit bureau and cannot proactively create a new file with Experian. The reason why this is important is that DNB is the only bureau to date that provides a way for new companies with no pre-existing relationships with suppliers or other vendors to create a credit file. After getting a Tax ID number, the shareholders or officers of that organization can call the DNB proactively and request a DNB number (DUNS number) for their company. They can also input preliminary information such as length of time in business, names of shareholders, sales, employees, etc. G u r u Tip The DNB uses a proprietary online credit management system called DNBi. It is by far the most comprehensive database of information on over 100 million companies. Credit Grantors often use this system to request information about a particular company. Once a DUNS number is assigned, a new credit file for the company is created and an overall score, called the Paydex, is provided. The Paydex is one of 3 different scores used by DNB to provide credit information on a company. What the Paydex is and its importance is discussed later, but what’s important to note here is that the Paydex is just one of a few different scoring systems from DNB. There are others (Commercial Credit Score and Financial Stress Score). The Paydex can be built to really high levels but in the end it’s PART of the entire picture, not all of it. Some Basic Business Credit Concepts Most suppliers (or vendors), such as office supply stores, gas stations, computer outfits, usually use DNB to grant store credit to a given legal entity. In other words, if I was the owner (bad personal credit) of a C- corporation in state of California with a DUNS #, I can request a store credit card or credit line from RadioShack or OfficeMax with nothing more than my DUNS# and my incorporation papers. Usually, no credit checks are used and in quite a few cases personal credit information is not even requested. When a retail business grants credit to be used within its chain of stores (I’m using the word stores loosely, it can mean anything from gas stations, office supply stores, etc) I call it vendor or merchant credit. Vendor credit can be easily and quickly built from a slew of well known vendors as big as Staples and Texaco, to ghost stores that don’t sell any products but can be used to inflate the size of your credit lines. This latter of type of credit is often associated with shelf companies that we will discuss in depth in later chapters of this book. For the time being it is sufficient to know that the concept exists. Bank credit, unlike vendor credit, is a parallel concept to credit cards. Banks give unsecured (as in they do not encumber any asset) credit lines to organizations that are within the bank’s credit risk. Depending on various banks, the risk assigned to a specific borrowing entity may entirely or partially depend on factors such as: Company’s credit scores and the scores of the guarantors Company’s Industry Company’s credit grade Amount of time present management has been in place Revenues and Income of the Company Length of time company has been in business These credit lines can be used for any business purpose but are most often used for proper cash flow management. Bank credit lines always require prime credit scores from the guarantors, not necessarily the shareholders. To qualify, the guarantors must be one of the officers of the company that are mentioned in the company’s Articles of Incorporation or Operating Agreement. G u r u Tip You should see now why its beneficial to have a corporation or LLC instead of a sole proprietorship, general partnership, etc. Guarantors are not the same as the shareholders of the company and can come and go. This leaves for a lot of maneuverability down the road. The Scoring Models of the DNB As a startup, or an established business with little prior business credit history, you really need to focus only on one type of business credit bureau. And that happens to be the DNB. DNB offers multiple scores, as in more than one, on a given company and there are three that we need to really take a look at: 1) The Paydex 2) The Overall Commercial Credit Score and 3) The Financial Stress Score. The Paydex is the easiest score to maintain and is often mistaken as the only score the DNB provides. As they say in France, “au contraire mon frere”. This mentality is a true novice mistake. Many an entrepreneur with perfect Paydex scores have gone down the path of requesting credit and financing only to be declined because of “Serious Derogatory or Delinquency” items found on the credit report. I can’t begin to tell you the number of times I have found myself discussing this issue with clients. The Paydex is used as an indicator for how prompt the company is in paying its bills. That’s it. It’s not the end all be all of credit scores and is only part of the picture. The following chart breaks down the scores of the Paydex and what they mean: D&B PAYDEX Score Payment Habit 100 Anticipate 90 Discount 80 Prompt 70 15 days beyond terms 60 22 days beyond terms 50 30 days beyond terms 40 60 days beyond terms 30 90 days beyond terms 20 120 days beyond terms UN Unavailable Alternatively, the Commercial Credit Score (CCS) is the next big item and is often completely overlooked by entrepreneurs when assessing their own company’s creditworthiness. The importance is akin to the overall FICO score of the company and is often used in determining whether a company is creditworthy. It is this score that is often the determining factor in bank credit line decisions. The Commercial Credit Score creates a statistical model for the likelihood of a company being delinquent, or 90 days past terms to any of its vendors over the next 12 months. In other words, the CCS shows whether or not the company may default or be delinquent at some point in the future. It’s a predictive score that anticipates when a company will generally pay its bills. A table of these scores and how they rank is provided below: Commercial Credit Score Credit Score Credit Score Percentile Class 536-670 91-100 1 493-535 71-90 2 423-492 31-70 3 376-422 11-30 4 101-375 1-10 5 If it’s not obvious from the table, anything below a 400 Commercial Credit Score is usually grounds for automatic denial of credit. I have seen few companies with scores below 400 get approved for bank credit lines. Once a company reaches and maintains itself among the higher echelons of credit scores in the chart above, less emphasis is put on the personal FICO score of the shareholder in credit based decisions. G u r u Tip The Paydex and Commercial Credit Score account for most of the criteria that Credit Grantors look for when approving or declining a credit request. To determine how much credit to grant is dependent upon the recommended credit limit by the bureau. G u r u Recommendation “Periodically check your business credit scores. It never hurts to know how good or bad you look to a Credit Grantor.” The final score that is taken into consideration is the Financial Stress Score. This score predicts the likelihood of a firm going out of business without paying its creditors in full, reorganizing, filing for bankruptcy protection and/or relief from its creditors over the next 12 months. Here is the scoring model used by the DNB: Financial Stress Score Financial Stress Percentile Incidence of Stress Score Score Financial Class Range Range Stress 1377- 1 21-100 0.49% 1875 1353- 2 11-20 1.37% 1376 1303- 3 5-10 3.73% 1352 1225- 4 2-4 8.30% 1302 1001- 5 1 35.80% 1224 All scores are normalized using other factors such as company size in terms of employees, annual revenues reported from the year prior, public filings, trade payments made, length of histories with vendors, etc and given a fourth rating, called a Composite Credit Appraisal. These can be classified into two separate categories: 1) companies that provide financial data to DNB and 2) companies that don’t. The latter, and this is important, can never get above a “Good” or 2 rating on the system. To get the highest rating possible, A1, a company must report its financials to the DNB. As a startup, the only scores you need to worry about for right now are the Paydex and the Commercial Credit Score. Once we get into how to create business credit, I’ll dive into both of these a bit more and how you should monitor them. For right now, just think of this section as a good reference guide. Personal Guarantors and Guarantees Demystified A great deal of ignorance lies in this statement: “I want to get $1M in business credit but I don’t want to give out a personal guarantee.” Every time you find yourself thinking of such a statement, understand that you are thinking like an Apprentice and not a Guru. Gurus know that personal guarantees are a part of every, and I do mean, every credit and lending decision. Even credit cards have within them a personal guarantee clause. Essentially, all a personal guarantee is that you pledge your assets (your bank account, your home, your cars, and your credit) to the payment of a specific debt. A personal guarantee means that you are personally guaranteeing the debt. A bank or a merchant would be foolish not to ask for one. It would be like me going up to you to buy something from your store and saying “I don’t want to be held liable for the debt in case I can’t make payments on this item.” That’s a pretty foolish request. Yet many are lulled into this false sense of security that personal guarantees are somehow not needed on certain financing and credit decisions. It simply isn’t true. Checking personal credit and/or encumbering personal assets though are completely separate matters. A personal credit check may be required by the Credit Grantor to ensure that the individual asking for the credit request is credit worthy. In other words, does the individual have a good personal credit history that shows a track record of making prompt payments on similar requests when credit has been granted? This step may or may not be a part of a given credit decision. To encumber something on the other hand, in the business sense, means to put a physical lien or other security instrument against it. That is considered collateralizing your assets to secure a loan and is not the same as a personal guarantee. Therefore, a guarantor is an individual (or group of individuals) who have the assets and/or the credit to support the prompt payment of the credit request plus the interest. In credit and lending decisions, a guarantor personally guarantees repayment of debt through their own assets in case the debt defaults. A lender may or may not choose to collateralize the guarantor’s assets to complete this guarantee. It is not always required. G u r u Tip You’d be surprised to find out that a few individuals don’t understand this simple concept and use the terms credit checks and guarantees synonymously. If in doubt, ask what they mean. CHAPTER 3. GETTING MERCHANT CREDIT Th e G u r u Says... “Once the fundamentals are known to the Apprentice, the journey towards becoming a Guru consists of fortitude, perseverance and exercising their knowledge” What you should know by now I did not put this section at the end of the last chapter because reviews are most beneficial when done beginning an experience, rather than when ending it. Before moving forward, I have provided some terms that you should have a good understanding of by now. From this point forward, I will use these terms interchangeably: DNB, DNBi Equifax Business Experian Business Business Credit Bureaus Commercial Credit Score Paydex Financial Stress Score DUNS Numbers Vendor Credit Lines Bank Credit Lines Personal Guarantors Personal Guarantees Credit Grantor Types of vendors that will give you instant credit We will now begin to take our knowledge of the fundamentals and begin to create credit. If you’re with me so far, the next few sections and chapter are the equivalent of a graduate course in business credit. I will go through step-by-step how we’re going to get your company from where it’s at currently to having a large amount of credit lines from vendors and banks in as short of a time as possible, regardless of your personal credit problems. Believe it or not, phone companies, wireless providers and a whole slew of office product companies will give your company credit without any financial or personal credit information. These are the easiest types of vendor credit to attain and being a startup, our goal is to get a total of 20 vendors reporting to our business credit file in 90 days. Here are the *types* of merchants that grant credit to startup firms. Phone Companies and Local Broadband AT&T is available in most areas and they provide an easy way to get a business account. All you need is your Tax ID information and maybe your articles of incorporation/organization to verify that you are in fact a legitimate business. Usually, a phone company will setup an account for you without using any personal credit information. The only thing that I would suggest here is to find a way to get yourself in your local pages listing. This will help you in getting listed in case a merchant decides to do company verification. Most phone companies will provide this as an option for you and if they do not, do ask your sales representative on how you can get this setup. G u r u Tip An 800 number greatly enhances the profile of your company and makes it look like more than just you running your firm out of your home. G u r u Tip “Always make sure your company has an 8** number” Next, your representative should give you the option of setting up a broadband type of service (via cable or DSL) through your account. This is also a good idea, though you may want to shop around for the cheapest provider as it’s not always necessarily going to be your phone company. Depending on what you’re doing with your business, I highly recommend starting slow and then building up. And that means starting cheap. DSL/cable modems can be instantly activated to faster speeds so there’s no need to get the latest greatest services available with high transfer speeds. Start making some revenue first and then upgrade as you see fit. Your phone company may also ask you if you’d rather use VOIP (voice over IP) service. This is gaining in popularity and is cheap, fast and flexible. If you’re on a shoestring budget and need to place a high volume of calls for your business but can’t afford the long distance charges, this is not a bad option. Just ensure that you are listed in the phone books and have a 411 listing to your business. That should accommodate what we’re trying to accomplish. Wireless Wireless phone providers (Sprint, Nextel, T-mobile, AT&T, etc) ALL provide business accounts without checking personal credit scores. I’ve found though that the page links to get started with ordering business services is not readily available on their websites. Instead, you’ll have often to call into the new customer service departments and ask for information on how to setup business accounts. One of the reps will usually provide information (in some cases, they may ask you to visit a local dealer with a copy of your articles of incorporation/organization and a utility bill of your company). In all cases, these wireless companies will grant as many as 20 lines for your firm. If you need them, they’re there, but having seen quite a few entrepreneurs with bad credit get “credit happy”, I have some golden advice for you. Only spend cash if it somehow increases your productivity, increases your revenue or decreases your expenses. Don’t increase your monthly expenses in the hopes that down the line the increase will help in increasing productivity. This is a gamble that 90% of the time causes startups to be upside down in expenses before they get out of the gate. Spend wisely. Think of it as an investment. If there are 4 of you in the firm and they’re giving away 20 lines, only take 4. G u r u Tip Business credit is not free money. Don’t be exuberant. Buy only what you can afford to pay back. Office Supply Stores The easiest merchants to get credit out of are office supply stores. Staples, OfficeMax, Office Depot and even online e-commerce stores like Nebs and Quill regularly grant credit. These stores grant super small lines ($300 - $1,000) for your company but then once you have an established history with them, they will easily jack these lines up to as much as $5,000. That’s a lot of office supplies if you ask me. Almost all of these stores have a separate business credit section built into their websites. If for some reason you can’t find it, call one of the 800 numbers for the stores and ask for a credit application for your business. You will get one emailed and or faxed to you right away. Large Technology Outfits Firms like Dell, IBM, HP and Xerox love granting small credit lines to newly formed companies though you must have a history of a few accounts with positive trade history reporting to the DNB before this step can be taken. Before going to these outfits, ensure that you have at least 5 other vendors on your credit profile that have been around for at least 90 days. Once you’re over that hump, you can list the new vendors as reference accounts and then start with a small business credit line from these companies. Gas Stations Texaco and Chevron are among the few gas companies that regularly give out business credit lines without a personal credit check. I have yet to see something similar from Amoco or Exxon. With a few credit lines built into your credit profile and a few vendors reporting (ideally you want to have total credit up to $2,500 before you go down this route) you can start applying to Texaco and Chevron. Don’t go overboard with credit limits; try requesting a modest credit limit of $300 to get everything started. Every month you are welcome to call in and ask for an increase. Once you have a few months of track history with these firms, you can apply for additional or supplemental lines with companies like Union76, Circle K, and BP Amoco. Other Retail Giants The final category, and often the most difficult to qualify for, is the retail giants such as The Home Depots, Best Buy and Circuit City. The trick to getting qualified here is to have at least $7,500 in credit built up that is reporting on your business credit profile with, of course, no history of late payments and a super high Paydex score (75+). Once you are at this stage, applying for credit with these large outfits is easy. In the case when they ask for personal information, I have often told my Apprentices to leave it blank. Surprisingly, we found a 50% approval rating when the business was open for at least 6 months or more, had a good DNB profile and a high Paydex along with $7,500 in credit from other vendors. Why Vendor Credit is Important In 6 – 12 months of starting to apply for business credit, you can easily build $10K in vendor credit (if you’re still not convinced I will give you a step by step approach soon enough). Once there, your company has enough credit to compete with a normal average 19 year old teenager. In other words, your company begins to take an identity of its own. You, being the owner or shareholder, should treat it as such and furtively promote your business as a separate identity when applying for credit. But why is any of this important? Why can we not just start applying for credit cards and bank lines of credit? The answer lies in understanding what vendor credit does to the overall credit score of your company. Simply put the more vendors are reporting on your company’s credit profile, the more robust your company appears. Credit Grantors will always look for a detailed credit history of any business entity that they are about to grant credit to. The longer, broader and more diverse this history appears in a credit profile, the more your company is operating as its own entity and the less it matters of the individual personal fico scores of the shareholders (guarantors will always be required for loan or credit requests). CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES Th e G u r u Says... “The final frontier in credit development lies in attaining unsecured credit.” On the Subject of Guarantors When I was a business credit Apprentice, I was presented with a unique problem. An opportunity presented itself to me along my journey that forced me to re-evaluate what I knew about business credit. I was building my company’s business credit when suddenly I was approached by a few investors. They wanted to learn more about what it was that I was doing, invest and take a “small piece” of the company. All in all the details were that in exchange for 30% of my company, I would receive some seed money to help me launch my financing firm off the ground. I declined the offer, but an odd thought went through my head. What if a few of the investors had terrible credit? With a few of them owning a portion of our firm, we’d have to seriously rethink our business credit plan. What if we had more than 5 investors? How about if we had 50? 100? 200? What would happen in this case? As an Apprentice, I started calling around to various banks granting lines of credit and credit cards to pose the same question. In this case, when the banker was smart enough to understand the scenario I was presenting and that pulling credit for everyone who owned a piece of our firm would be disastrous, the advice I received was powerful. I present it to you here in plain English. In the case where your company has a multitude of investors with varying credit ranges, or even one investor with disastrous credit, the workaround is to formally change the President and Secretary/Treasurer positions to 2 distinct individuals with great personal credit and update the change in the Meeting Minutes as such. In the case of credit cards, one of these two individuals can apply for the company as an authorized guarantor and add you on as another card holder. Who can you get you to be a guarantor of your company? In the past, friends, family and other business partners have volunteered. Of course, you may have your Guarantors ask you for business plans, financials and breakdown of how you’re going to use their credit, as they should, and you should provide them all that information. As an Apprentice with bad business credit, your options are very limited. To date, this is most effective, and tried and true, option. Once you have a few unsecured credit lines established under your name, there are a few companies that will offer unsecured credit cards without any personal credit check. But that step is much farther down the road. True Business Credit Cards If you and your shareholders have great credit, applying for an unsecured business credit card is a cinch. Simply go to any of the credit card companies I mention in the next table, apply for a credit card and you’ll wind up getting one virtually overnight. Just ensure that among the plethora of offers these companies regularly endorse on the table, the card you are applying for is truly unsecured. In other words, that the business credit card shows up only on your businesses credit profile. I’ve done most of the work for you and given you some good hard and fast rules for each company, their qualification criteria if it was available, and then the contact information for each. Despite this information, I don’t consider these offers “true” business credit cards. In my perspective, no personal credit check should be required in order to grant an unsecured credit card to a business. If you’ve done a good job of separating your business from your own identity, than there are a few companies that offer credit cards without personal credit checks. One such entity is discussed in this book in the following section. Out of the gate as with even a modest credit history, you’re not going to qualify for true business credit cards. The reason being, of course, most do not have established business credit history and definitely not enough merchants reporting on your credit profile. If you are in the situation where a guarantor doesn’t mind having their personal credit run and can qualify for one of these credit cards, your goal is to get 3 – 5 unsecured business credit cards on your profile along with 20 – 25 vendors reporting. If you establish good positive trade history with each of your merchants, pay your bills on time and keep your balances low (don’t max out your credit cards) then applying for credit as a business becomes a whole lot easier down the line (6 – 12 months of positive credit history at the minimum). There are a few companies that offer true business credit cards and I show you in the next few sections how to find them and apply for them. Who Gives out Business Cards? Quite a few companies regularly give out business credit cards. But they are not really selling their own credit cards...they are usually using their own logos and branding but someone else’s programs to make you qualify for credit. Here are the largest business credit card companies I know of. I call them the “usual business credit card suspects”: ABN AMRO* GE Business Card Advanta Business Services HSBC Bank USA * Bank of the West Huntington National Bank Chase Manhattan Bank * Key Bank USA Citibank USA, N.A LaSalle Bank Comerica Bank, N.A. * MBNA America Bank, N.A. FIFTH THIRD BANK QuickBooks® Business MasterCard First Hawaiian Bank Standard Federal Bank First National Bank Of Omaha * As promised earlier, I’ve done most of the work for you. I’ve broken down three of the top credit granting companies, the types of programs they offer, and where they offer them. Some companies even offer working capital loans and leases, but most are going to base their decision off of personal credit. We’ll discuss how to qualify for these with bad personal credit shortly ABN AMRO * - No Annual Fee - Competitive Interest Rate - Free Online Statement - Geography: serving select areas of IL, IN, MI, OH and WI Advanta Business Services Will consider new companies Annual Sales Volume: not to exceed $10 million - No minimum years in business - Up to $50,000 in working capital - Your business name at the top of the card - Additional cards for employees - Rewards and discounts Bank of the West Minimum years in business: 2 Minimum Cards: 1 Maximum Cards: 10 Minimum Annual Sales: $100,000 Maximum Annual Sales: $100,000,000 Minimum Employees: 1 Maximum Employees: 5,000 Geography: companies located in HI Chase Manhattan Bank * Call to apply for the Chase MasterCard BusinessCard and enroll in "Chase Rewards for Business" In business 2 or more years Annual Sales Volume: not to exceed $7 million Maximum number of cards: 15 Your small business can maximize cash flow, receive monthly reports and statements that track your spending, receive travel accident insurance, emergency travel insurance and roadside assistance - and earn rewards too! Citibank USA, N.A CitiBusiness® Card with ThankYou Network(SM) - Free rewards program CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Card - Earn bonus miles CitiBusiness® Card - Superior benefits for your small business with the purchasing power you need CitiBusiness PremierPass(SM) Card - Exceptional Travel Awards Comerica Bank, N.A. * FIFTH THIRD BANK First Hawaiian Bank Minimum years in business: 2 Minimum Cards: 1 Maximum Cards: 10 Minimum Annual Sales: $100,000 Maximum Annual Sales: $100,000,000 Minimum Employees: 1 Maximum Employees: 5,000 Geography: companies located in HI First National Bank Of Omaha * GE Business Card - Minimum of years in business:2 - Competitive Interest Rate - Additional cards for employees - Rewards and discounts - On-line account statements - Charge or revolving cards available HSBC Bank USA * Designed to assist small businesses with annual sales of $20 million or less with everyday expenses such as office supplies, T&E and cash. Available at any HSBC branch within the U.S. to businesses that have been in operation for at least 2 years. Minimum Cards: one (1) Maximum aggregate credit lines: $25,000 Huntington National Bank In business 2 or more years Geography: FL, IN, KY, MI, OH, WV Key Bank USA In business 1 or more years Geography: AK, CO, ID, IN, ME, MI, NH, NY, OH, OR, UT, VT, WA LaSalle Bank - No Annual Fee - Competitive Interest Rate - Free Online Statement - Geography: serving select areas of IL, IN, and WI MBNA America Bank, N.A. Call Monday through Sunday, 8 a.m. - midnight, EST (please mention priority code EXOI) Minimum 2 years in business Annual Sales Volume: $300,000 or more QuickBooks® Business MasterCard No annual fee Credit lines up to $50,000 Free additional cards for employees Competitive rates Automatically download your credit card transactions directly into your QuickBooks 2000 or 2001 software Optional TravelerMiles Program, MasterCard benefits, and much more! Apply today! Standard Federal Bank - No Annual Fee - Competitive Interest Rate - Free Online Statement - Geography: serving select areas of MI, IN and OH What’s an Unsecured Credit Line and How it Functions Unsecured lines of credit are revolving bank credit lines given to companies and do not show up on the owner’s personal credit reports. The words “unsecured” comes from the fact that these credit lines do not require any collateral and do not encumber any assets of the business owner (remember our discussion of personal guarantors?). In other words, no physical lien is put against the personal property of the entrepreneur. The worst most banks will do is put a UCC filing that will encumber the assets of the business up to the size of the line of credit. But even that is rare. There are two main types of LOC’s: those requiring no income documentation and those requiring full documentation. The former are aggressive programs that are provided by certain big national or regional banks. The latter are usually the product of small community banks that are spread across the country. The main differentiator is this; No income documentation programs always, and I do stress always, require prime credit from each guarantor. There are no exceptions to date and I don’t presume that there will ever be. Banks operate on risk mitigation. To think like a bank, you have to start asking yourself the following question, if this were my money, would I lend to someone else in my position and if I could, how would I ensure I get my money back? That’s risk mitigation. How do you mitigate the risk of lending to someone that’s looking to borrow? For banks, part of the risk can mitigate itself if the borrower has high credit scores. Typically, these borrowers have a lower chance of defaulting on loans and have demonstrated responsibility in payments. Thus, in the absence of any income documentation, credit can be extended to these borrowers by virtue of their high personal credit scores, their industries, their business credit scores and their declared annual revenues from the year prior. That last statement should raise an eyebrow or two. “Last year’s gross income?” you should be asking yourself. “But if that’s the case, how do shelf companies get lines of credit when in fact they’ve made no money?” By lying about income. That’s bank fraud and a common Apprentice mistake. Be very careful about shelf companies and shelf company providers. All banks, and I list a few of them in this book for you; look for a declaration of income. If you’ve bought a shelf company, your gross income is $0. How you qualify for bank lines of credit is a completely separate matter. Similar to credit cards, you’ll have to have personal guarantors that are authorized to sign on behalf of the company (updated through Meeting Minutes), have been associated with the company as President and Secretary/Treasurer for 2 years. Your company can qualify for up to 20 – 25 % of your company’s gross annual sales from the year prior from each lending institution that is listed in the appendix. Simply navigate to the websites indicated, by state, and look for the small business section. You’re looking for a business credit line, not a loan, but a revolving credit line on these sites. These lines are interest only and are usually referred to as SBAExpress Credit Lines, Business Express Credit Lines, or Business Credit Express Lines. CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN Th e G u r u Says... “Follow the footsteps of those that have gone before you.... ...and never get swept off your feet.” Watch and Follow the Guru in Action to Learn In the past few chapters I’ve given you just enough of what you’ll need to establish merchant credit for your company. But I’m not finished yet. We’re now going to create business credit for a company as if I was doing it myself and narrating my actions. This scenario assumes that I have little to no business credit and have bad personal credit. Here’s how I would create business credit for my company. Step 1: Incorporation Status If you are not incorporated, as I advised you earlier, incorporation is key. Before I do anything, I incorporate. Let’s say, I’ve been operating a sole proprietor, called The Guru under a fictitious business name statement. Retaining my Tax ID number (do not change unless your business credit is also bad) I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as The Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. Next, I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as BizFilings (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. I choose 100 shares for no par value and assign them to myself as the owner. Here is where the process gets tricky yet is crucial. Knowing I have bad credit, I cannot assign myself as an officer of the company. Doing so would basically ensure that I never get business credit from banks that require a personal guarantee and a credit check. Hence I choose 2 different individuals with great credit scores to be the President and Secretary/Treasurer respectfully. In my company meeting minutes, I assign a clause and states that these two individuals are authorized personnel of The Guru, Inc and can sign for any credit lines, financing requests and offer personal guarantees on the company’s behalf. G u r u Tip Ensure that the two individuals you assign this much responsibility to are people you can trust. This step may seem a bit risky to you, as it should. Assigning your company’s credit and financing responsibilities to other individuals is not something most entrepreneurs would favor. But with bad personal credit, you are limited with your options. I find that it’s safer to incorporate these individuals as partners in the firm, rather than mere signatories and guarantors. Without this option, your chances of getting a business line of credit or credit cards are nil. Once the appropriate documentation is filed, I choose an option for delivery from The Company Corporation and then wait. Once I receive my package, I immediately open a business checking account. If you are already incorporated, your biggest hurdle will be seasoning on present management for bank lines of credit. This essentially means that the current officers (President, Secretary and Treasurer) have to be in place for (depending on the bank) anywhere between 1 to 3 years in their current positions. The most lenient bank is Bank of America requiring a seasoning of present management for only 1 year, but results may vary State by State and bank by bank. Of course, many Gurus go around this requirement by simply backdating the company’s Meeting Minutes to reflect the change from years past. This practice edges on the unethical and I do not advocate it, but it’s up to you to decide. Step 2: Check Credit, the DNB Profile, DUNS, and ScoreBuilder My next step is to check credit on my entity through Experian Business and DNB. I go to these sites and pull my company’s credit from both entities: Smart Business Reports -- Experian Business (use the ProfilePlus program with Credit Score) DNB Comprehensive Inside Plus Report The cost totals $200.00. I find that my Experian Business score is 90 (it ranges from 0 – 100 with 80 being comparable to a 680 FICO on personal credit) and that my Commercial Credit Score from DNB is 600 with a Paydex of 80. If you find your business credit scores significantly lower, I will be releasing a supplementary eBook entitled Fixing Bad Business Credit and Business Credit Repair. You will be notified via email once this is ready. Since I have a D-U-N-S number already, I signup for the ScoreBuilder program. If you don’t have a DUNS number, start by visiting http://www.dnb.com/us and selecting to get a D-U-N-S number. At the time of the publishing of this book, this option was a link on the upper right of the page. If that has changed, remember that the D-U-N-S number is absolutely free. There is no charge and despite what anyone tries to sell you, all you need for starters is the number. As a must, I recommend you pay the freight and buy the ScoreBuilder program if you don’t have it already. Next I want to update the online account for my company and sign in to create my company profile. Here, I’ll list update the information for my President, state the number of employees I have and my revenues. The only item that I want to explain a bit further here is the ScoreBuilder. In the business credit world, vendors and banks don’t HAVE to report to the credit bureaus. It is an option for them. Some do, some don’t. Unlike personal credit bureaus that rely on creditors to proactively report on payment trends, the DNB allows business owners the option to have a service placed on their account where DNB goes out and monitors your payment trends on given vendors. Even though there are some gurus that are purists and do not wish to go down this route, I find that typically, this is a great way to add vendors that you pay in full every month to build your company’s Paydex credit score to high levels fast (within 90 days). The payment trends will also be reflected in the Commercial Credit Score also. Step 3: DNB, Phone Lines and Broadband In what follows, I will follow a formula that has a pretty good hit rate for most companies without significant business credit history in my experience. For companies already in existence with established business credit profiles, the following may not be a bad exercise to read through and apply the things that you didn’t know were possible. One cautionary note: if your Paydex score is flawed and you have liens on your credit report (best to pull the DNB $150 comprehensive insight report on yourself to find out), you most likely will not be able to repeat the following with the same results. In this case, refer to Fixing Bad Business Credit and Business Credit Repair eBook. Once I’ve established a DNB number, the next step is to open a business phone line and get broadband service with my DNB number (if needed) and my Tax ID number. This can be done without the Article of Incorporation and so I’m not going to wait for them to arrive in the mail. I ensure that my company’s address is different than my residential address (if I don’t have an office I use Postal Annex to create an artificial forwarding address). The simple reason for this step is once this information is enlisted with the DNB, the information becomes public and I do not want my home address out there for everyone to see. A private mailbox with a local Postal Annex and will have suite numbers instead of PO Box numbers and do the job of creating a separate mailing address rather quickly. Once my business phone lines are established, I list my company with the Yellow Pages with the new phone number and the new address. Upon receiving my first phone bill, I will add in my phone company as a vendor for my ScoreBuilder profile. Throughout this entire endeavor I will ensure that I pay all my bills on time. G u r u Tip Remember that we are trying to build credit. Prompt payment of the entire bill is required to get stellar credit scores. Step 4: Adding Wireless and Office Vendors Next, large office supply vendors, such as Staples are good about giving out small credit lines to companies but need a copy of a utility bill showing your address. Since I have already received my first phone bill I will apply for a credit line of $750 at http://www.staples.com for a business credit account. While I’m at it, I also open a business account with NEBS (http://www.nebs.com) and QUILL (http://www.quill.com ). Once approved on all three, I add them to my ScoreBuilder profile. I fully know by this time the amount of total credit I’m approved for ($750 from Staples, $300 from Quill, and $300 from Nebs in most cases). On my business credit report, after 30 days of these vendors being added, I will show three trade lines totaling $1,350 with perhaps a small balance on them. Next I realize that I need cell phones and I know that the easiest ones to apply for are either Nextel or T- mobile. I follow the same principles as above. I go to the website, call the general number, ask to apply for a business account and follow their procedures. Usually these lines come in 5’s so I may wind up having 5 lines in no time that are from my company and not myself. They will even have “The Guru” on caller ID when calling other phones. This is a revolving account and works much like the AT&T account. It usually has no credit limit and so does not do much to boost scores. If I have room on my ScoreBuilder, I will add this account in as well, but if I do not, phone and wireless providers are not the types of vendors I want reporting on credit histories. Since I cannot raise credit limits, I will not gain anything except prompt payment history. G u r u Tip The ScoreBuilder product comes in various sizes. If you are strapped for cash and cannot afford the $700 yearly subscription, only add the accounts where your credit limit can be raised over time and ones that will show prompt payment history. Having one without the other serves little purpose. Step 5: “Fattening” the Credit File Once all these vendors are reporting on my credit file, my next step is to “Fatten” my credit file to get over $3,500 in total business credit. I can accomplish this easily over the next 60 days by adding vendors from Appendix A. I only pick and choose the vendors that I know correlate with my industry. For example, if I had registered myself as a trucking company, it would not make too much sense to have 1800Flowers as a vendor. Down the road, a credit grantor may choose to take a look at the “type” of vendors that are reporting on my credit file. Were a trucking company and had nothing but flower companies as my vendor base, it would not lend too much credibility to my business’ actual activities. It is doubtful for any trucking company to only have flower companies as the vendors it normally works through. Being “The Guru, Inc” I consider myself an online retailer as I am in the publishing industry. Accordingly, I will pick companies that directly impact my business. To give you an example, I will most likely pick vendors from the following industries: Shipping Packaging Hosting eCommerce Computers Electronics I will stay away from companies requiring any kind of a personal credit check and continue to add them in until my total credit reaches $3,500. Step 6: Adding 2 Behemoths to Get to $15000 in Total Credit Once I reach $3,500 in total credit, I first call Staples and ask to extend my credit line to $1,500. Prior to making this request I ensure that my payments were all on time and that I have a $0 balance on my account. When asked for a reason for the increase, I state the truth. I am building my companies credit and it would work to our advantage of having a well known firm such as Staples increase our credit line. We’re responsible, well managed and as our records show, do not abuse credit. I repeat this procedure with Nebs and Quill. Both should double my initial credit lines. Once my credit total credit is increased to $5,000, I move to the first of two credit behemoths. I call Dell’s (www.dell.com ) small business division and ask to apply for a business credit account of $5,000. I know that they will ask for all the same company information but they will most likely also ask for my company’s DUNS number. At this point in time it is to my advantage that my Paydex is above 80. The other credit scores don’t really matter much here unless I’ve missed payments on my report. If Dell denies me, it may be due to a seasoning reason (not been in business for too long) but this is a rarity. Once Dell has been established as a vendor, I will add them in on my ScoreBuilder profile and move to the other behemoth. The Home Depot is a tough cookie to deal with. The primary reason being that their qualification criteria are elusive and they have a habit of initially declining applicants and then approving those 30, 60, or 90 days later. The most important things to qualify for are the Home Depot vendor credit account. I follow the same basic procedure as before except in this case, I already know which website to go to and will point it out for you as it’s tough to find for the Apprentice. Click Here: Home Depot Revolving Charge Card Step 7: The Goal After following steps 1 – 6, and adding The Home Depot and Dell to my ScoreBuilder profile, my goal is to repeat Step 5 until I have amassed 25 vendors reporting on my credit profile. My strategy is as follows. I add new vendors every 30 days. After 90 days of adding them, I ask for credit increases. Once I have broken in to one industry of vendors (Shipping for example) I add similar vendors after 90 days. In the example above, I added Staples, Nebs and Quill all within the office supplies industry within my first 30 days of incorporation to my ScoreBuilder profile. Following suit, in 90 days I will add in Office Depot and OfficeMax while requesting credit increases from Nebs, Quill and Staples. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases from all 5. To take this a step further, I added Dell and The Home Depot as part of step 6. 90 days later, with Dell and The Home Depot both reporting on my credit profile, I will add in Xerox, HP, Compaq, and Lowes while asking for credit increases from The Home Depot and Dell. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases from all fully knowing that I may not get subsequent increases and may get declined. Usually, most vendors will allow 1 or 2 credit increases all year. Responsibility in repayment and keeping balances low is key. The First Few Unsecured Credit Cards and a Credit Line of up to $100K Credit cards and credit lines require some seasoning on your company and your present management. Advanta Business Credit (in our chart above) is one of the only credit card providers I know of that will give an unsecured VISA/MC credit card to a company using a personal guarantor that has been in operations for less than 6 months. Citibank and Bank of America also have some aggressive programs but they usually require being in business for at least one year with the same management team (President, Secretary, & Treasurer). American Express is one company that regularly extends credit cards to small companies. Qualifying for any of these credit cards is as simple as visiting their websites and applying. However, we’re concerned with getting qualified for business credit cards without the hassle of going through random credit checks and such. If you need a credit card badly and have a guarantor with stellar credit, I’m sure one of the above 3 will provide a business credit card for you. But if you’re willing to wait and build your business credit, there is an easier way. Once you have 25 vendors reporting on your DNB credit profile and you have been in business for 1 year, there are 3 lenders that will grant you credit (provided that you can qualify for it and that your guarantors have credit that is above 700). One is Bank of America, the other is the Home Depot MasterCard (Click this link: The Home Depot MasterCard to go to the website), and the third is Key Bank USA (Click here: Key Bank USA). The HDMC remains to date one of the only credit cards that don’t require any personal credit information. After months of tinkering with the formula, I finally found that what I’ve laid out for you above to have the greatest chance of success in attaining this card. Once approved, of course you’ll want to add these two items in to the ScoreBuilder. Next, call Bank of America and ask to apply for a SBAExpress credit for up to $100K. A B of A representative will ask you a few questions, the most important of which is your gross revenues from last year. Bank of America will give you up to 15 – 20% of your gross revenues from the year prior as a credit line with stated income documentation. When asked for owners, give the phone over to the guarantors and let BOFA know that your President and Secretary/Treasurer will personally guarantee the credit line. The only required documentation needed prior to closing will most likely be the Articles of Incorporation, business licenses, utility bills, etc along with the Meeting Minutes specifying the that guarantors can in fact sign on behalf o the company. Between the three lenders I just pointed out, you should be able to rack up at least $50K of unsecured lines provided your revenues were sufficient to get that aggressive of a credit line from Bank of America. Year 1 of Business Credit and Beyond If you’ve come this far, the next few sections should be incredibly important and beneficial to you. Your temperament drastically changes after year 1 and having accomplished everything I’ve listed in the last few sections. As your first year in the business credit world, you are no longer an entity that can be ignored. Your company is beginning to look and feel like it has a life of its own. Even if you weren’t able to accomplish everything with the unsecured credit lines and credit cards (due to credit problems, etc), your direction is not going to change much. At this point, Apprentices can act very Guru like by calling the DNB and Experian Business directly and asking to increase the overall credit limit assigned to them. Prior to taking this step, ensure that you have updated your company’s profile with updated revenues, employment and management changes if there were any. In my example of “The Guru, Inc”, in my first year of building credit I would have had $100K in a credit line, $20K in credit cards against my company and 25 vendors all totaling upwards of $25K - $35K in credit. My total credit on my company would be somewhere in the $150K range with a 10% rotating balance on my credit lines. No late payments and no derogatory public record/collection is on my business credit report. Let’s say on my one year anniversary, I pull my Comprehensive Credit Report and find out the following details: Overall Commercial Credit Score: 600 Paydex: 85 Recommended Credit Limit: $25,000 To me, though the credit scores are great, what’s concerning is that the DNB is only allowing a maximum of a $25K limit. I don’t think that’s very credit worthy of my company. Being a Guru, I will call the DNB and ask them to increase my credit limit. I tell the DNB something to tune of “Our Company is growing fast and we cannot routinely get approved for small credit lines. We’ve demonstrated a history of prompt payment and credit responsibility and would like to request a credit increase so that we can apply for larger credit lines to help manage our growing cash flows.” In the case above, the DNB will most likely double, or even triple my recommended my credit line after a review. Why? Because I have demonstrated that my company is a responsible borrower. We’ve kept our records clean and have shown credit responsibility. We are definitely very credit worthy. As a Guru, my next step is to go back to each one of my vendors and credit accounts and ask them to “re-evaluate our credit line” for an increase. They run credit again and they see that our recommended credit limits are larger. They act accordingly. Using this same approach, I’ve managed to take a few companies with $150K of total credit to $250K in less than 60 days. After 6 months of waiting and prompt payments, I once again called the DNB and requested a credit line increase. I repeat this process until I have the credit I desire. G u r u Tip The above approach works to perfection with one caveat. Your company has to be an income producing company that is commensurate with your credit increases. You cannot list on your profile that your company made $50K and request a credit limit increase to $250K. These types of requests are usually a total waste of your time as they’ll get declined 99.9% of the time. CHAPTER 6: WHY SHELF COMPANIES ARE A WASTE OF TIME FOR YOU Th e G u r u Says... “Avoid deceit. Gurus have far more effective methods.” DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY Quite a few business credit Apprentices stumble upon the concept of the shelf company and are immediately seduced with advertising as brash as: “Want to get $1M in credit? Buy a Shelf Company! Our companies come with millions of dollars of credit lines!” Who wouldn’t be seduced? Business credit Gurus fully know that such advertising is little more than a sales gimmick. Though a shelf company may indeed have millions of dollars in credit lines, they definitely aren’t from banks or lenders. But first, let’s clear up this elusive concept. What is a Shelf Company? In my example I’ve been using, “The Guru, Inc” is a perfectly good example of a shelf company that is until it reaches its first year. I created a company, filed all the appropriate paperwork, got all the appropriate vendors to report and have been building my credit profile. Had I not applied for credit cards and bank credit lines, I could have kept building these vendor trade lines and kept the company around for years without actually making any money. Just as easily, after amassing a large chunk of credit lines, I could have sold it to someone and saved them the headache of having to do all the work themselves. That is a shelf company. Why would I not want to create credit lines and credit cards for “The Guru, Inc” had I intended for it to be a shelf company from the start? If my original goal was to put “The Guru, Inc” on the shelf and let it season for a few years while I develop a vendor database, I would have definitely not given any banks or any lenders a personal guarantee on a revolving charge against my personal credit! That would be foolish. That way, when I go to sell the company, the new owner assumes all the credit lines with me as a personal guarantor. I’d be bankrupt and up to my ears in debt in 30 seconds. WHAT A BROKER ISN’T GOING TO TELL YOU When brokers are selling to the vast sea of business credit Apprentices, it is to their disadvantage to disclose that anyone can create a shelf company with millions of dollars of trade lines. Let’s examine how one would do just that. Say you are a savvy business credit Guru and understand how business credit works. So you incorporate a company, let’s call it XYZ Industries, Inc and get all the appropriate documentation filed with a company like The Company Corporation. You open up a Dunn and Bradstreet profile and assign your company a Paydex score. You then incorporate another company called ABC Products, Inc and follow the same procedure. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc are both independent entities. And it is perfectly legal to be vendors of each other, or in other words provide each other with their own products and services. Each company can then proceed to give a large credit line to the other and report as such on the credit bureaus. After all, it’s totally the company’s business how large of a credit line it can grant. Let’s dive into this concept a little deeper. Say you own a small convenience store and have decided to give your clients with good credit scores a store credit card. It is up to you, the owner of the company, to grant the amount of credit to someone. You can make it as large or as small as you’d like. After all, it’s your credit. The individual can go around and use as much of it as they’d like in the store and buy whatever they want. They can pay as they go, incurring an interest charge every month that you impose upon them. Many companies use this model to add serious returns to merchandise. Rarely do people asking for credit have the ability to pay for the entire product; otherwise they’d buy it in cash. Most consumers love having the option of splitting their payments into installments and slowly pay back the balance. Most owners and companies are okay with that, provided the individual pays interest on the outstanding balance of what they owe every month. Well, what if you were to strip away all your products and services from your store? What if you sold absolutely nothing? You can grant as much credit to anyone you’d like because that other person has absolutely nothing to buy. I can give someone $1M of a credit line, report to the bureaus that I have done as such, and that other person has a $1M line of credit from my store. What if that other person wasn’t a person at all? What if it was a company? Does it change anything? Absolutely not! As far as the credit bureaus are concerned, it changes nothing. I can grant credit to anyone and start a trade line for that company on any given credit bureau. One and done. And that’s what’s happening here. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc don’t sell anything. Yet they grant each other $1M lines of credit and keep reporting to credit bureaus every 30 days with $0 balances. Now imagine if there was an entire group of these? How about 200 companies that did just that to each other? What would their credit report look like when you pulled credit? It was would have 200 vendors reporting perfect credit history for a long time. What do you think that does to a business credit score? And in essence what are you buying? You’re buying a company that has $1M of credit lines from other companies that probably don’t sell anything of value. Having said that, obviously if ABC Products ever applied for credit at another unsuspecting vendor that does sell products and service, the vendor would be staring at a pretty impressive credit profile and would be willing to get aggressive on its credit line. So shelf companies may in fact come with large credit lines from certain well known vendors (discussed below).What about bank lines and other lines of credit? Can a shelf company qualify for those? The answer is a big flat “No”. Remember our discussion about banks look for when approving credit lines for companies? 1. Shareholder’s credit score 2. Income documentation or “statement of income” 3. Length of time in business For a given shelf company, the answer to number 2 is a big fat $0. Shelf companies haven’t been making any money and to claim that they have is *lying*. Take a look at what’s going on with mortgage markets and the slew of individuals that lied about income and are facing large payments they cannot afford. There is a lesson to be learned here. If you or the company hasn’t been making a certain amount of money, don’t claim otherwise. Either through a bank audit or renewal you have a high risk of getting caught not telling the truth. Lying about income to get a bank to grant financing or credit is the absolute bare bones definition of bank fraud. CHAPTER 7: USING A BUSINESS CREDIT SERVICES BROKER Th e G u r u Says... “Know that by virtue of knowing what you’ve learned so far, you are smarter than those about to come before you.” The Credit World is Filled with Deep Chasms Business credit is not a new concept. Yet the slew of offers that exist from brokers on the internet, through email and through popular online sites such as craigslist (http://www.craigslist.org) could have anyone believing otherwise. Brokers offering services that can build a given company’s credit to $10M in unsecured credit lines are marketing to the public as if they’re promoting something brand new. Better yet, they’d have you believe that their out of the box solution is proprietary and unique. Everyday I speak to at least one Apprentice feverishly looking for something that doesn’t exist in the financing world. This individual is so convinced that a custom hidden solution to their credit and financing problems exists that they’ve made it their life’s mission to find a unique financing and credit package that will accommodate their unusual and albeit unrealistic goals. These types of individuals are the target market for quite a few providers of business credit services. There are plenty of desperate credit seekers in the market who are willing to spend the money to build large credit lines. And there are plenty of business credit brokers that are willing to take their money without a second thought. Generally speaking desperation is the easiest pandemic to sell in to. All one has to do is promise the desperate masses that they can provide the type of services people are looking for and the distressed are willing to shell out hundreds if not thousands of dollars for their services. It’s really that simple. I have found hundreds if not thousands of individuals who were looking for something that didn’t exist: Free Money. Your final step as a soon to be business credit Guru is to understand a simple concept. Business credit is not Free Money. Amassing large credit lines without a sound plan of how you are going to pay these lines back is the first step towards an eventual business credit meltdown. Instead, start with the end in mind. Know the overall purpose of the direction you are headed in. Create a financial plan of what you’re going to be using the lines for and document how the return you are getting from using these credit lines will exceed the interest rate that you’ll be paying on them. Effective small businessmen always think in terms of returns. Though many of you may already know this concept, it’s always a good reminder. In this market when there are many aggressive business credit programs floating around, it’s always in your best interest to be as detailed as possible about worst case scenarios about your credit lines and how these will affect your overall repayment ability. Some Common FAQ’s or How to Tell If Your Broker is a Guru vs. an Apprentice The following is a good list of common questions I get asked from time to time regarding issue of business credit brokers and overly aggressive offers on the market. My golden rule is that business credit gurus never need to lie. They don’t have to over promise and rarely do. Always choose a business credit guru when looking for a brokerage. I have bad credit. Someone is selling me a $25,000 shelf company with a guarantee that it comes with $5M in credit lines. They have someone that answers all the questions from bankers when they call. How is this possible? Better yet, how is this legal? It isn’t either. Banks will call in and ask to verify the information on the loan application. If someone is answering the banks “correctly”, it usually means that they are answering with false information about your company. Remember how I mentioned that unsecured bank credit lines are granted based on the amount of revenue you state you did last year? With a shelf company, the answer to that question is $0 and anything stated to the contrary is flat out lying. Exaggerating numbers, incorrectly stating your business model and growth, is not legal. Don’t jeopardize your future with these unwise practices. And remember, Gurus never lie about income. Credit lines are granted on the basis of personal credit scores unless the company has demonstrated itself to be a creditworthy entity by itself with multiple shareholders. No one would build a company’s credit line up to $5M using their own personal guarantees and their own credit score and then sell it to someone else for a price. Too much risk. Too much liability. The $5M in credit lines are more than likely useless vendor credit lines discussed earlier. I have a 700+ credit score. I have a friend who has a company that has been around for 2 years but has awful credit. Can I co-sign for him to get credit lines? Business credit lines are granted on the strength of the GUARANTORS on the loan. You can be a GUARANTOR on the loan but it requires an understanding of what it is your liabilities are. There is a company who is working with a hedge fund that is giving 30% of a company’s stated revenue as a credit line. Why don’t I just use them? Ask them where? Do you know of anyone that has received this generosity? I don’t and in 3 years of dealing with business credit for myself and other entrepreneurs, I’ve never even heard of it. More importantly, do the investors of the hedge fund know that their fund managers are promoting this kind of exuberance? Would you invest in a hedge fund that was giving away cash to small business owners? This group, year after year, leads the country with the most defaults, delinquencies, and late payments. I received an offer in the mail from someone with excellent bank relationships that can give us a $1M unsecured line of credit to buy real estate. They claim that their company is filled with former attorneys and accountants. Title such as CPAs, J.D.s and such are meaningless in our world. Only two categories matter: Apprentices and Gurus. In the business credit world, attorneys and CPAs have little if any training on the subject and thus their experience is just as limited as the next guy. This is unless of course the CPA or attorney has specialized in business credit and has a roster of clients that they can provide for you. As for banks lending $1M in unsecured funds to a company to buy real estate, I have never seen it work. The nagging question “Why doesn’t this individual just get residential or commercial financing” always comes up and the answers are not as appealing as most are trying to get real estate for flipping purposes or buy for no cash out of their own pocket. My experience shows that most banks are averse to making such loans for companies that don’t have pre- existing relationships or a HUGE business credit file. Even in those situations, banks would require documentation and a business plan. Beware of so-called “stated” programs for companies that require no previous bank relationship. If you are being charged up front for any service, don’t buy into it I have terrible credit. A firm is saying that they can use their bank relationships with the underwriters to get business credit for me if I purchase a shelf company from them. This type of question comes to me regularly. The truth is that banking relationships with brokers mean little and those with underwriters rarely exist. Most underwriters are shielded not only from the general public but also from other bank employees. The reason for this is simple. The banking business is just like any other business in that it’s full of competition and secrets are jealously guarded. Underwriting guidelines from bank to bank are considered highly sensitive material. The only way to get lines of credit from banks if you have bad credit is to find an aggressive bank, be cash flow positive, have a lengthy business credit history, and have a truly working income producing business. Read my Bad Credit Business Credit Guide. CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING Th e G u r u Says... “The path to becoming a Guru is one of patience. Never be led off the path by greed.” I want to be brief in parting ways from you. I have described as best as I can a straight and narrow way of establishing business credit ethically. In doing so, my number one priority was to convey information and enlighten the many would be Apprentices on the market today. If you’re a businessman or businesswoman, I’m sure you can see the value in having an unbiased text such as the one I have provided for the myriad of entrepreneurs and business credit seekers that are often led astray by offers that are not honest. It is with this spirit that I ask you to share the information I have provided wisely and profitably. First, is to become an affiliate of our products from the Business Credit Guru. We provide hefty commissions to our partners who help us enlighten others on any one or all six of our products. Please email us to find out more about our affiliate program. Second, one of the best resources I have to my disposal is an army of top lawyers. Despite the money I’ve made as a successful business credit guru and a business financing guru, you’d be surprised to hear how much I pay per month for my legal bills: Less than $30.00. That’s right, not $3,000, but thirty dollars a month. There are no gimmicks and no other hidden costs. To date, I have encouraged all my clients, colleagues and friends to join this service through Pre-Paid Legal. For $26.00/month, you can’t get a better bargain. Plus you get residual commissions for referring others as well. To register, email us Third, a few close colleagues, and former understudies of The Business Credit Guru, created a seminar about how to purchase foreclosures and other real estate for less than $1000. I was very skeptical at first, but when I saw what they had to promote, I was delighted. Being former financiers, these two individuals have used all of the principles in this book to create an out-of-the-box solution for creating credit and acquiring any type of investment with it. They offer a traveling seminar and a weekly webinar on their unique approach. They even offer to do it for you and will refund your money if they can’t. They’re tag line: “We’re lazy financiers.” And to that I do attest, they are very lazy, but very wealthy. Look them up by clicking here. They called themselves The Unlimited Working Capital Seminar. Finally, there have been numerous times when the needs of a startup are better served through financing rather than credit. The Gallant Group, Ltd (http://www.gallantgrp.com) is THE company for any sort of working capital loans, commercial, residential or business financing. I have seen these guys pull off deals that I didn’t think could get funding. They have almost 10,000 different programs for entrepreneurs in the early or middle stages of growth. The owners have a nice consultative style and I can’t say enough good things about them. Use these guys and use them often! These resources are yours to use. They are provided as some good references that I can personally attest to being your Guru. APPENDIX OF VENDORS Here are the complete names and websites addresses of all the vendors I’ve ever used in creating business credit. I give it all to you here. ABC Building Supply http://www.abcsupply.com/Services.aspx?id=710 Home Depot Supply http://www.homedepot.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ContentView?pn=SV_CC_Commercial_Credit_Main&langId=- 1&storeId=10051&catalogId=10053 United Parcel Service http://www.upscapital.com/solutions/creditcardsvc.html Tiffany and Company http://business.tiffany.com/business/index.asp Radio Shack Biz http://www.radioshack.com/uc/index.jsp?page=researchLibraryArticle&articleUrl=..%2Fgraphics%2Fuc%2Frsk%2FRese archLibrary%2FBuyersGuides%2Fresearch%2Fcredit.html Federal Express https://www.fedex.com/us/OADR/index.html?link=4 Border's Books Corp http://www.bordersstores.com/bbps/welcome.do Kinko's https://www.fedex.com/us/OADR/index.html Interstate Batteries http://www.interstatebatteries.com/estore/business_new2.asp Valero Oil Co http://www.valero.com/OurStores/CreditCards/ Wal-Mart Corporate http://www.walmart.com/catalog/catalog.gsp?cat=435440 JC Penney Biz https://www.onlinecreditcenter2.com/eapplygen2/load.do?cHash=1342177401&subActionId=1000 Exxon-Mobil Business http://www.exxonmobil.co.uk/Norway-English/PA/Policy/NO_P_firmakort.asp CITGO Gas Card http://citi.bridgetrack.com/usc/07/Exp/Citgo/PL/default.htm?BTData=C0210797760617459564946BABEB0AFA19E908 490F1FDF6EBEAC5C2DE13FCB56&BT_TRF=645463&app=UNSOL&sc=QRATNI00&m=N0000975850&DS=p1309 132&ProspectID=8A1361D193964FCC83473CD031A3D31F Staples Biz http://www.staplescentral.com/ Office Max Biz http://www.officemax.com/omax/home/custom.jsp?id=m280004 Shell Corp. Gas Card https://www.citibank.com/us/cards/shell/index.jsp Sam's Club Biz http://www.samsclub.com/shopping/navigate.do?catg=7057 Amazon http://www.amazon.com/Corporate-Accounts/b/ref=gw_br_corpacc/002-9560064- 5360060?%5Fencoding=UTF8&node=600460&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=left-nav- 3&pf_rd_r=1E8RQT91V57TK3BJJ8CP&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=328657701&pf_rd_i=507846 Target http://redcard.target.com/redcard/page.jsp?ref=nav%5Fredcards&contentid=rc%5Fmain Tractor Supply http://www.mytscstore.com/customer_service.asp?pageID=a Office Depot http://www.officedepot.com/renderStaticPage.do?file=/creditcard/creditcard.jsp Dell http://www.dell.com/content/topics/segtopic.aspx/dpa_payment_options?c=us&cs=19&l=en&s=dhs&~ck=anavml Expo Design Center http://www.expo.com/finance.aspx Sunoco Fuel Card http://www.sunocoinc.com/site/Consumer/ApplyforaCreditCard.htm John Deere Credit http://www.deere.com/en_US/jdc/apply_now/index.html?tm=jdcus&link=a_level&location=apply Chevron-Texaco http://www.chevrontexacocards.com/cccard/en/public/cce_home.asp Marathon Fuel http://www.marathonpetroleum.com/credit%5Fcard/ Quicken http://quicken.intuit.com/creditcard.jhtml?lid=site_banner Lowe's http://www.lowes.com/lowes/lkn?action=pg&p=CustServ/cc_tab_commercial.html Wright Express http://www.wrightexpress.com/MasterCard/index.html Capital One http://www.capitalone.com/smallbusiness/cards/index.php?linkid=WWW_1107_SBUS_09_HOME_C1B_02_T_SBCD http://www.capitalone.com/smallbusiness/index.php?linkid=WWW_1107_SBUS_09_HOME_C1B_02_T_SB1 Verizon http://b2b.vzw.com/productsservices/businesscallingplans/?lid=//global//business//business+plans AT&T http://www.wireless.att.com/businesscenter/business-programs/small/programs/exclusively- business.jsp?WT.svl=calltoaction T-Mobile http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/default.aspx?plancategory=21 Sprint together with Nextel http://www.sprint.com/business/?id12=UHPCHP_Link_ShopBusinessSolutions Marriott http://www.marriott.com/specials/default.mi Hilton Hotels http://doubletree.hilton.com/en/dt/promotions/dt_eadvantage/index.jhtml;jsessionid=1QUYAN23LW02KCSGBJBMVCQ ?xch=98358609,10F141000AF6EC3C5E92049F34FDDB48.etc23&adId=eadvantage,mini,30&cid=OM,DT,Eadvantage, Mini Hyatt http://www.hyatt.com/hyatt/specials/index.jsp;jsessionid=UNWUFTS3IZJJFTQSNW2VAFWOCJWYOUP4 La Quinta http://www.lq.com/lq/coolsavings/specialrate/index.jsp Best Western http://www.bestwestern.com/programs/business/index.asp Motel 6 http://www.motel6.com/promotions/ Radisson http://www.radissonsas.com/cs/Satellite?c=Page&cid=1051345091143&language=en&pagename=RadissonSAS%2FPag e%2FrsasSectionFrontpage My Tool Store http://www.mytoolstore.com/busacct.html JDR Micro Computers http://www.jdr.com/premier/ Northwest Builder's Network Inc http://www.nwbuildnet.com/help/credit.html Savoya (Limousine Company) www.savoya.com Carey International (Limousine Company) www.careyint.com Davel (Limousine Company) www.davel.com Oakwood (Corporate Housing) www.oakwood.com Bridgestreet (Corporate Housing) www.bridgestreet.com Empire Limousine (Limousine Company) www.empireint.com Greyhound Bus www.greyhound.com Hewitt Packard HP www.hp.com IBM Computers www.ibm.com Crestwood Suites (Hotel) http://www.crestwoodsuites.com/cwdirbill.p...0Bill%20Account www.credtwoodsuites.com Super Shuttle (Limousine Company) https://www.supershuttle.com/webrez/Update.aspx United States Postal Service www.usps.com Korman Communities (Corporate Housing) www.korman1.com Ballantye Resort (Hotel) http://www.ballantyneresort.com/ Peapod Food Delivery Service www.peapod.com Huntinton Bank (Relocation Direct Bill Service) http://www.huntington.com/pas/HNB1725.htm Rio Pavilion (Hotel) http://www.harrahs.com/our_casinos/rlv/gro...ll_app_form.pdf Billing Direct (affiliate program, like CJ.com) http://www.billingdirect.net/ Sonesta Hotel & Suites http://www.sonesta.com/coconut_grove/page.asp?pageID=10904 ASAP Coach (Limousine Company) http://www.asapcoach.com/opeccount.htm Boston Coach (Limousine Company) http://www.bostoncoach.com/common/resources/account.jsp Air Culnaire (Food Service) http://www.airculinaire.com/ordering.asp Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe http://www.cflr.com/courses/Dir_billing.pdf Hertz http://www.hertztrucks.com/business/bap.pdf Waiter.com (food take out company) http://www.waiter.com/documents/waiter-corp-account-form.pdf AAMCO Transmissions http://www.aamcotransmissions.com/national...ng_options.html Metro Hosting (Web Hosting Provider) http://www.metrohosting.net/new.php?sub=newAccount&plan=gla Jacopos (Pizzeria) http://www.jacopos.com/CorporateAccounts.htm Masters Inn (Hotels) http://www.mastersinn.com/extended_stay.shtml SelectATicket.com http://www.selectaticket.com/CorporateAccounts.asp FTD.com http://www.ftd.com/528/corporate/ 1800-flowers.com http://ww2.1800flowers.com/flowers/corporate/benefits.asp Wilkinson's Flowers http://www.wilkinsonsflowers.com/help.asp Monster (They give net 14 terms) www.monster.com My Coffee Supply http://www.mycoffeesupply.com/corp_login.asp Luggage Pros http://www.luggagepros.com/policies/corporate-sales.shtml Exclusive Tickets http://www.exclusivetickets.com/corporateInfo.cfm Linens n Things http://www.lnt.com/corp/index.jsp?page=cor...2_corpsales_txt Macys http://www1.macys.com/store/corporate/index.jsp?bhcp=1 BladeSmart http://bladesmart.com/bladesmart.com/statp.../corpsales.html HydePark Jewelers http://www.hydeparkjewelers.com/HPSite/dep...application.pdf Franklin Sports http://www.franklinsports.com/fsm/files/cr...application.pdf Cognigen PCs https://www.cognigen-pc.com/main/eaccount/c...pplication.aspx Viracon http://www.viracon.com/corporateCreditApp.html TradeName.com https://www.tradename.com/fees/corpacc.html Fairytale Brownies http://www.brownies.com/Corporate%20Credit%20Application.doc Monte Vista http://www.mvcoop.com/credit/index.asp Sencore http://www.sencore.com/orderinfo/corpopen.htm Amtech http://www.amtechdisc.com/payment.htm Headsets http://www.headsets.com/headsets/credit/cr...pplication.html Bloomingdale's http://www1.bloomingdales.com/about/shopping/corporate.jsp# USA LEGAL FORMS http://www.uslegalforms.com/accountopen.doc Vac Hut Plus, Inc. http://www.vachutplus.com/corpacct.htm Ideal Industries http://www.idealindustries.com/pdf/EndUserSetUpForm.pdf Discount Awards http://www.discountawards.com/CorpAccounts.asp Corporate Express http://www.corporateexpress.com/faq.html Continental Airlines http://www.continental.com/programs/uatp/ Alson's Jewelry http://www.alsonjewelers.com/services.htm Kohls http://www.kohlscorporation.com/GiftCard/GiftCards01.htm Luberman's building http://www.lumbermens-building.com/pdf/con...-credit-app.pdf GETTY GAS http://www.getty.com/gettycardapp.pdf# Thrifty http://www.thrifty.com/images/rx/img2076.pdf JEB Leasing Company http://www.jebleasing.com/apply.html Powell Company http://www.powellcompany.com/customer_credit_application.asp Earthlink Business Services http://www.earthlink.net/biz/majoraccounts/ A-Vidd Electronics http://www.a-vidd.com/pdf/aviddcreditapp.pdf EBC Computers http://www.ebccomputers.com/Documents/netterms.PDF Circuit City Business Sales http://business.circuitcity.com/b2b_landing_page.htm Walgreens http://www.walgreens.com/about/community/g...rds/default.jsp Disney http://disneymeetings.disney.go.com/dwm/in...oupOverviewPage Ingram Micro http://www.ingrammicro.com/ 3M Company http://solutions.3m.com/wps/portal/!ut...VAQA-irWmQ!! Mitsubishi Digital Electronics America http://www.mitsubishi-tv.com/ Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/pna/cont...l?fpSiteId=2076 http://shopping.franklincovey.com/shopping...rt/payment_info Harley Davidson http://www.harley-davidson.com/wcm/Content...sp?locale=en_US Starbucks http://www.starbucks.com/business/bizgifts.asp Bed, Bath & Beyond http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/CorpSales.asp?order_num=-1 REI http://www.rei.com/cgs/?stat=footer_corp_sales DTV City http://www.dtvcity.com/help/corporate.html World Lux http://www.worldlux.com/corporate_sales.html GAP http://www.gapincbusinessdirect.com/index.asp Rose City Software http://www.rosecitysoftware.com/corporate/ Axion Tech http://www.axiontech.com/corp.php Bacario http://www.bacario.com/Corporate.asp Patagonia http://www.patagonia.com/custserv/corporate_sales.shtml Sharper Image http://www.sharperimage.com/corporatesales/ Amherst Technologies http://www.amherst1.com/ Corporate Outfitter http://corporateoutfitter.cabelas.com/ Weems Plath http://www.weems-plath.com/corporate_sales.html Gempler's http://www.gemplers.com/a/pages/corpsales.asp Saab http://www.saabfleet.com/ Staceys http://www.staceys.com/corporatesales.html Samys http://www.samys.com/industrial.php?PHPSES...8f5165a2082651f L.L. Bean http://www.llbean.com/corporateSales/?feat=ln Handago http://www.handango.com/Information.jsp?si...CKey=1_BUSINESS US LUGGAGE http://www.usluggage.com/corpsales.htm Surray Luggage http://www.surrayluggage.com/corporatesales.html Williams-Sonoma http://www.williams-sonomainc.com/bsa/index.cfm APPENDIX OF BANKS Here are the names of major banks and their websites broken down by each state. Alabama AmSouth Bank Bank Independent Bank of Brewton Bank of Pine Hill Bank of Wedowee Barbour County Bank Citizens Bank Colonial Bank Commercial Bank of Ozark Community Bank & Trust Compass Bank Cullman Savings Bank Eva Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank (Centre & Leesburg) First Citizens Bank of Luverne First Commercial Bank First Federal Bank First Federal of the South First Metro Bank First National Bank of Brewton First National Bank of Brundidge First National Bank of Central Alabama First National Bank of Dozier First National Bank of Scottsboro First National Bank of Shelby County First National Bank of Talladega First Southern Bank First Southern National Bank First Tuskegee Bank First United Security Bank Frontier National Bank Headland National Bank Heritage Bank Merchants Bank Monroe County Bank Peoples Bank & Trust Peoples Bank of North Alabama Phenix-Girard Bank Regions Bank Reliance Bank Security Federal Savings Bank South Alabama Bank SouthTrust Bank Union Planters Bank United Bank West Alabama Bank &Trust Alaska Denali State Bank First Bank First Interstate Bank of Alaska Northrim Bank Arkansas Arkansas National Bank Arvest Bank Group Bank of England Bank of Eureka Springs Bank of Fayetteville Bank of Pocahontas Bank of Rogers Bank of the Ozarks Bank of Yellville Citizens Bank & Trust Company Citizens Bank of Batesville Citizens State Bank Commercial National Bank of Texarkana Community Bank Community First Bank Cross County Bank Delta Trust and Bank Elk Horn Bank & Trust Company Farmers Bank & Trust Farmers Bank & Trust Company First Arkansas Bank & Trust First Arkansas Valley Bank First Federal Bank of Arkansas First Arvest Bank First National Bank & Trust Company of Rogers First National Bank & Trust Company of Mountain Home First National Bank in Mena First National Bank of Berryville First National Bank of Crossett First National Bank of Fort Smith First National Bank of Hope First National Bank of Paragould and Jonesboro First National Bank of Paragould and Jonesboro First National Bank of Springdale First Security Bank First Security Bank of Fayetteville First United Bancshares,Inc. First Western Bank & Trust Forrest City Bank Helena National Bank (HNB) McGehee Bank McIlroy Bank & Trust Metropolitan National Bank MidSouth Bank National Bank of Arkansas One Bank & Trust Piggott State Bank Pulaski Bank & Trust Company Simmons First Bank of Searcy Springdale Bank & Trust Superior Federal Bank The Capital Bank The Union Bank Arizona Armed Forces Bank Bank of America Bank of the Southwest Bank One Commerce Bank of Arizona Community First Bankshares, Inc. Compass Bank First International Bank & Trust Marshall & Ilsley Bank (M&I) Mohave State Bank National Bank of Arizona Northern Trust Bank of Arizona Stearns Bank Sunrise Bank of Arizona Valley Commerce Bank Wells Fargo Bank Western Security Bank California Alliance Bank America California Bank Bank of Alameda Bank of Amador Bank of America Bank of Canton of California Bank of Internet USA Bank of Los Altos Bank of Marin Bank of Petaluma Bank of Stockton Bank of the Orient Bank of the Sierra Bank of the West Bank of Visalia Bank of the West Bank of Walnut Creek Bay Area Bank Bay View Bank Borel Bank and Trust Company Borrego Springs Bank Brentwood Bank ofCalifornia Broadway Federal Bank Business Bank of California Butte Community Bank California Bank & Trust California Center Bank California Federal Bank (Cal Fed) Canyon National Bank Capital Corp of the West Cathay Bank Central Sierra Bank Citibank Citizens Bank of Nevada County City National Bank Civic Bank of Commerce Coast Commercial Bank Comerica Bank Community Bank of San Joaquin County Bank Downey Savings Eldorado Bank El Dorado Savings Bank Exchange Bank Fallbrook National Bank Far East National Bank Feather River State Bank Fidelity Federal Bank First Bank of Beverly Hills FirstBank of San Luis Obispo First Community Bank First National Bank of Northern California First National Bank of Olathe First Regional Bank First Republic Bank First Western Bank Foothill Independent Bank Fremont Bank General Bank Goleta National Bank Guaranty Bank Hanmi Bank Heritage Bank East Bay Heritage Bank of Commerce Humboldt Bank Imperial Capital Bank Jackson Federal Bank Kerman State Bank La Jolla Bank Lake Community Bank Liberty Bank Life Bank Los Angeles National Bank Luther Burbank Savings Manufacturers Bank Marathon National Bank Mechanics Bank Merchants Bank of California, N.A. Mid-State Bank Mid Valley Bank Mission Community Bank Montecito Bank & Trust National Bank of California North Valley Bank Pacific Crest Bank Pacific Mercantile Bank Pacific State Bank PFF Bank & Trust PriVest Bank Redlands Centennial Bank Rancho Bank River City Bank Sacramento Commercial Bank San Benito Bank San Diego National Bank San Joaquin Bank Santa Barbara Bank &Trust Santa Lucia Bank Scott Valley Bank Sentinel Community Bank Six Rivers National Bank Southern Pacific Bank Sunwest Bank Tehama Bank Tokai Bank of California Union Bank of California United Commercial Bank Universal Bank US Bank Valley Bank Valley Independent Bank Vineyard National Bank Vintage Bank Visalia Community Bank Wells Fargo Bank Westamerica Bancorporation Western Security Bank Western Sierra Bank Wilshire State Bank Yosemite Bank Colorado 1st Choice Bank Alpine Bank American Bank Bank of Colorado Bank of the San Juans Bank One Cañon National Bank Castle Rock Bank Century Savings & Loan Association Citizens State Bank of Cortez Citywide Banks Colorado Bank and Trust Colorado Business Bank Colorado East Bank & Trust Community Banks of Colorado Eaton Bank First Commerce Bank of Colorado First National Bank First National Bank of Arvada First National Bank of Canon City First National Bank of Durango First National Bank of Lamar First National Bank of Las Animas First National Bank of Longmont First National Bank of Paonia First National Bank of Stratton First State Bank of Hotchkiss Firstate Bank Heritage Bank Home State Bank Liberty Savings Bank North Valley Bank Premier Bank Rocky Mountain Bank and Trust San Luis Valley Federal Bank TCF National Bank Colorado UMB Bank Union Colony Bank Valley Bank & Trust Valley National Bank Vista Bank Weld County Bank Wells Fargo WestStar Bank Young Americans Bank Connecticut American Savings Bank BankBoston Banknorth Connecticut Citibank Cornerstone Bank Dime Savings Bank Fairfield County Savings Bank Farmington Savings Bank First County Bank First International Bank First National Bank of Litchfield First National Bank of Suffield Fleet Bank Guilford Savings Bank Jewett City Savings Bank La Jolla Bank Liberty Bank Litchfield Bancorp Mechanics Savings Bank The Milford Bank National Iron Bank Naugatuck Savings Bank New Haven Savings Bank Newtown Savings Bank North American Bank Nutmeg Federal Saving Bank People's Bank Salisbury Bank & Trust Company Savings Bank of Manchester Savings Bank of Rockville The Simsbury Bank Southington Savings Bank Stafford Savings Bank Thomaston Savings Bank Tolland Bank Torrington Savings Bank Union Savings Bank Webster Bank Westport National Bank Delaware Artisans' Bank Bank of Delmarva Delaware National Bank First Union First USA Bank Mellon Bank PNC Bank Sovereign Bank Wilmington Trust WingspanBank.com Florida American National Bank AmSouth Bank AmTrust Bank Atlantic States Bank BankAtlantic BankFirst Bank of America Bank of Tidewater Bay Bank & Trust Co. Capital City Bank CenterState Bank of Florida Century Bank Citibank Citizens Bank of Oviedo Citizens Community Bank Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Port St. Joe Citrus Bank City National Bank of Florida Clay County Bank Coconut Grove Bank Colonial Bank Columbia County Bank Community Bank of Homestead Community Bank of Naples Community National Bank Community Savings Compass Bank Crown Bank Destin Bank Emerald Coast Bank Englewood Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank First Bradenton Bank First City Bank First Commercial Bank ofTampa First Federal Savings Bank of Florida First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County First Home Bank First International Bank & Trust First National Bank and Trust First National Bank and Trust Company First National Bank of Florida First National Bank of Mount Dora First National Bank of Naples First National Bank of Pasco 1st National Bank of South Florida First Navy Bank First Southern Bank First State Bank First Union Flagship National Bank Florida Bank of Commerce Florida Choice Bank Grand Bank of Florida Gulf State Community Bank Gulfstream Business Bank Hamilton Bank Harbor Federal Savings Bank Horizon Bank, FSB Huntington Independent National Bank Interamerican Bank Intercredit Bank International Finance Bank Liberty National Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mackinac Savings Bank F.S.B. Madison Bank Marine National Bank Monticello Bank Northern Trust Bank of Florida Ocala National Bank Ocean Bank Oceanside Bank Pacific National Bank Peoples Bank Peoples First Perkins State Bank Pointe Bank Premier Bank Raymond James Bank, FSB Regions Bank Republic Bank Republic Security Bank Signature Bank Skylake State Bank Sofisa Bank of Florida Southeastern Bank Southern Commerce Bank Southern Community Bank Southern Exchange Bank Southern Security Bank SouthTrust Bank SunTrust Banks Inc. The Terrace Bank TIB Bank of the Keys TransAtlantic Bank UniBank United Bank United Southern Bank Valrico State Bank Village Banc of Naples VirtualBank Warrington Bank Washington Mutual West Coast Guaranty Bank Georgia Adel Banking Company AmSouth Bank Georgia Atlantic States Bank Bank of America Bank of Dade Bank of Eastman Bank of Hiawassee Bank of Hiawassee Bank of LaFayette Bank of Perry Bank of Toccoa Bank of Upson Blackshear Bank Bryan Bank & Trust Buckhead Community Bank Cherokee Bank Chestatee State Bank Citizens Bank of Washington County Citizens Trust Bank, Atlanta Columbus Bank & Trust Company Community First Bank Community Trust Bank Darby Bank & Trust Co. Decatur First Bank Douglas County Bank Douglas Federal Bank Eagle Bank and Trust Embry National Bank Exchange Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank/Dublin The Farmers Bank First Capital Bank First Community Bank of Southwest Georgia First Georgia Community Bank First National Bank and Trust First National Bank of Alma First National Bank of Camden County First National Bank of Griffin First National Bank of Polk County First National Bank of Scottsboro First National Bank of the Internet First Nation Bank First Peoples Bank First Union Firstate Bank Flag Bank Gateway Bank & Trust Georgia Bank Trust Company of Augusta Georgia State Bank Greater Rome Bank Habersham Bancorp Lumpkin County Bank Morris State Bank, Dublin NetBank Northwest Georgia Bank Oconee State Bank Park Avenue Bank Patterson Bank Pelham Banking Company Peoples Bank Pinnacle Bank Premier National Bank of Dalton PrimeSouth Bank Quantum National Bank Regions Bank Rockdale National Bank SouthTrust Bank Spivey State Bank Summit National Bank SunTrust Banks, Inc. Synovus Financial Corp. The National Bank of Georgia Thomasville National Bank Tucker Federal Bank Union County Bank United Bank Wachovia Bank West Central Georgia Bank West Georgia National Bank Hawaii American Savings Bank Bank of Hawaii Central Pacific Bank City Bank First Hawaiian Bank Iowa Amcore Bank American State Bank American Trust & Savings Bank Bank Midwest Bank of America Bankers Trust BankIowa Bennett State Bank Boone Bank & Trust Co. Burlington Bank and Trust Carroll County State Bank Central State Bank of Muscatine Central Valley Bank Citizens Bank Citizens Bank Citizens First National Bank Citizens Savings Bank Citizens State Bank City State Bank City State Bank (Central City) Clear Lake Bank & Trust Clinton National Bank Community Bank Community First Bank Community First National Bank ofDecorah Community Savings Bank Community Savings Bank Community State Bank Community State Bank Cresco Union Savings Bank DeWitt Bank & Trust Co. Dubuque Bank & Trust Earlham Savings Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank Exchange State Bank, Ames F & M Bank Farmers Savings Bank Farmers State Bank Farmers Trust & Savings Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines First Central State First Citizens NationalBank First Community Bank First Federal Bank First Federal Savings Bank of Iowa First Federal Savings Bank of Twin Falls First National Bank of Ames First National Bank ofCedar Falls First National Bank of Farragut and Shenandoah First National Bank of Hampton First National Bank of LeMars First National Bank ofMuscatine First National Bank of Sioux Center First National Bank of Waverly First Security Bank &Trust First State Bank First Trust & Savings Bank Fort Madison Bank and Trust Company Fortress Bank Green Belt Bank & Trust Grundy National Bank Guaranty Bank & Trust Company Guthrie County State Bank Hampton State Bank Hancock County Bank &Trust Hardin County Savings Bank Heartland Bank Hills Bank and Trust Company Home State Bank Houghton State Bank Iowa Savings Bank Iowa State Bank Iowa State Bank & TrustCo. Iowa State Savings Bank Iowa Trust & Savings Bank Keokuk Savings Bank &Trust Company Kerndt Brothers Savings Bank Keystone Savings Bank Le Mars Bank & Trust Company Lincoln Savings Bank Mahaska State Bank Manufacturers Bank &Trust Company Maquoketa State Bank Marion County State Bank Mercantile Bank Midwest Federal Savings Midwest Heritage Bank Northwest Bank & Trust Company Bank Northwest Federal Savings Bank Northwoods State Bank Norwalk-Cumming State Bank Norwest Online Okey Vernon First NationalBank Onward Bank Bancshares Page County State Bank Panora State Bank Pella State Bank Peoples National Bank Peoples State Bank Peoples Trust & Savings Bank Pioneer Bank Poweshiek Bank Premier Bank of Dubuque Principal Bank Randall-Story State Bank Sanborn Savings Bank Security Bank & Trust Company Security Savings Bank Security National Bank Security State Bank Security State Bank (Anamosa - Cascade - Monticello) Shelby County State Bank State Bank & Trust State Bank of Waverly State Central Bank Tama State Bank The State Bank Tri-County Bank & Trust Union Bank & Trust Company Union Planters Bank United Bank of Iowa United Community Bank Washington Federal Savings Bank Washington State Bank Wayland State Bank Webster City Federal Savings Bank Idaho Bank of Pullman Bank of the West D.L. Evans Bank Farmers & Merchants State Bank Farmers National Bank First Federal Savings Bank Home Federal Savings Idaho Banking Company Lewiston State Bank Panhandle State Bank Pend Oreille Bank U.S. Bank Washington Mutual Bank Idaho Illinois A. J. Smith Federal Savings Bank Alpha Community Bank Alpine Bank of Illinois Amalgamated Bank of Chicago Amcore Bank Armed Forces Bank Associated Bank Bank & Trust Company Bank Champaign Bank of Herrin Bank of Illinois Bank of Pontiac The Bank of Marion Bank One BankPlus Belvidere Bank Black Hawk State Bank Bluestem National Bank Bradford National Bank Busey Bank Cambridge Bank Capstone Bank Central Trust & Savings Bank Charter National Bank Chesterfield Federal Savings & Loan Citibank Citizens First National Bank Citizens National Bank of Macomb Cole Taylor Bank Columbia National Community Bank of Joliet Corus Bank Cosmopolitan Bank and Trust CoVest Banc Devon Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank Edens Bank The Edgar County Bank & Trust Co. Effingham State Bank Elgin Financial Savings Bank Elgin State Bank Exchange State Bank of Lanark Fairfield Savings Bank The Farmers Bank of Liberty Farmers State Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago First American Bank First Bank, Carmi First Bank of Highland Park First Bank of Oak Park First Bankers Trust Company First Capital Bank First Community Bank and Trust First Federal Savings Bankof Champaign-Urbana First Mid-Illinois Bank & Trust First Midwest Bank First National Bank-Employee Owned First National Bank &Trust Company, Carbondale First National Bank & Trust Company, Clinton First National Bank in Pinckneyville First National Bank of Brookfield First National Bank of Decatur First National Bank of Joliet First National Bank of La Grange First National Bank of Marengo First National Bank of Raymond First National Bank ofRochelle First National Bank of Steeleville First National Bank of Sullivan First National Bank of Waterloo First Robinson Savings Bank First State Bank First State Bank ofBeardstown Fisher National Bank Flora Bank & Trust Forest Park National Bankand Trust Company Foster Bank Galena State Bank Grand National Bank Hardware State Bank Harris Bank Havana National Bank Heartland Bank and Trust Henry State Bank Heritage Bank of Central IL Herrin Security Bank Illini State Bank Illinois National Bank Interstate Bank Itasca Bank & Trust Co. Lake in the Hills Bank Lakeland Community Bank LaSalle National Bank Liberty Bank for Savings Lincoln Park Savings Bank Lincoln State Bank Marine Trust Company(Marine Bank) Mazon State Bank Mercantile Trust & Savings Bank Merchants Bank MidAmerica Bank Mid Town Bank Midwest Bank and Trust Company Morton Community Bank Murphy Wall State Bank National Bank National City Bank New Century Bank North Community Bank North Federal Savings Bank North Shore Trust Bank Northern Trust Northview Bank & Trust Oak Brook Bank Old Second Bank Oswego Community Bank Oxford Bank & Trust Park National Bank Peoples State Bank of Newton Peru Federal Savings Bank Pontiac National Bank Prairie State Bank & Trust Pullman Bank Rantoul First Bank Regency Bank Riverside Community Bank Royal American Bank Sauk Valley Bank & Trust Co. Second Federal Savings of Chicago Security Bank Security Savings Bank Security State Bank of Hamilton South Holland Trust & Savings Bank South Pointe Bank South Shore Bank South Side Trust & Savings Bank Soy Capital Bank St. Paul Federal Bank Standard Bank and Trust Co. State Bank of Augusta State Bank of Niantic State Bank of The Lakes State Bank of Waterloo Stillman BancCorp, N.A. Suburban Bank & Trust Co. Success National Bank Tempo Bank The Bank of Edwardsville Tremont First National Union Savings Bank United Community Bank University National Bank Warren-Boynton State Bank Waukegan Savings and Loan, SB West Pointe Bank and Trust Company West Suburban Bank Williamsville State Bank & Trust Indiana American Savings FSB Bank One Centier Bank Citizens First State Bank FCN Bank Farmers State Bank Fifth Third Bank First Bank Richmond First Farmers Bank & Trust First Federal Savings Bank First Indiana Bank First Internet Bank First Merchants Bank First National Bank & Trust First National Bank of Portland First National Bank of Valparaiso First Source Bank First United Bank Firstar Grabill Bank HomeBank SB Indiana Trust Company Irwin Union Bank Jackson County Bank Key Bank Lafayette Bank & Trust Lafayette Savings Bank LaSalle Bank Lincoln Federal Savings Bank MarkleBank MetroBank MFB Financial Monroe Bank Mutual Federal Savings Bank National City Bank Old National Bank Owen Community Bank Owen County State Bank Pacesetter Bank Peoples State Bank People's Trust Company Randolph County Bank Regional Bank Salin Bank & Trust Company Spencer County Bank Springs Valley Bank & Trust Company STAR Financial Bank State Bank of Oxford Terre Haute Savings Bank The Friendship State Bank Union County National Bank Union Federal Savings Bank Union Planters Bank United Fidelity Bank Kansas Armed Forces Bank Capital City Bank Capitol Federal Savings Central National Bank Citizens Bank of Kansas Citizens National Bank of Kansas Citizens Savings & Loan Association, FSB Columbian Bank & Trust Company Commerce Bank and Trust Community National Bank Topeka Country Club Bank Douglas County Bank Emporia State Bank and Trust Company Farmers & Merchants Bank of Colby Farmers State Bank of Oakley Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka Fidelity Bank Fidelity State Bank & Trust Company First National Bank (Goodland) First National Bank (Hays) First National Bank & Trust of St. John First National Bank of Kansas First National Bank of Olathe First Security Bank of Norton First State Bank and Trust Company Fort Riley National Bank Grant County Bank Home National Bank Intrust Bank Kansas State Bank State Bank of Ottawa/Baldwin City Kaw Valley State Bank Lyons Federal Savings MidAmerican Bank Mutual Savings Association New Farmers National Bank Ottawa County Bank Peoples Bank Peoples Bank & Trust Security State Bank St. John National Bank Sunflower Bank Union State Bank University National Bank Valley State Bank Kentucky Bank of Jamestown Bank of McCreary County Bank One Berea National Bank Bowling Green Bank &Trust Citizens National Bank& Trust Citizens Union Bank Cumberland Security Bank Farmers Bank and TrustCompany Farmers National Bank First Capital Bank ofKentucky First City Bank & Trust First National Bank of Manchester Heritage Community Bank Home Federal Bank Independence Bank Kentucky Bank Louisville Community Development Bank Monticello Banking Company Owensboro National Bank Paducah Bank Peoples Bank of Northern Kentucky Republic Bank & TrustCompany Shelby County Trust Bank South Central Bank ofBarren County Southern Deposit Bank Springfield State Bank Star Bank The Bank - Oldham County The Bankers' Bank Union Planters Bank US Access Bank Louisiana Bank of Erath Bank of Louisiana Bank of Montgomery Bank of West Baton Rouge Bank One Cameron State Bank Citizens Bank & Trust Citizens National Bank City Bank & TrustCompany Exchange Bank & Trust Company Fifth District Savings & Loan Association Guaranty Savings and Homestead Association Gulf Coast Bank & Trust Company Hibernia National Bank Iberia Bank Iberville Bank Liberty Bank Merchants and Farmers Bank & Trust Company Metaire Bank & Trust MidSouth National Bank Mutual Savings & Loan Parish National Bank Progressive Bank Rayne State Bank Red River Bank Ruston Building and Loan Association Security First National Bank Teche Federal Savings Bank Massachusetts Asian American Bank & Trust Company Auburndale Co-operative Bank Bank Boston Bank of Fall River Banknorth Massachusetts Bank of Western Massachusetts Bay State Federal Bank Benjamin Franklin Savings Bank Beverly National Bank Boston Private Bank & Trust Company Brookline Savings Bank Cambridge Savings Bank Cambridgeport Bank Canton Co-operative Bank Cape Cod Bank and Trust Company Cape Cod Cooperative Bank Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Capital Crossing Bank Central Cooperative Bank Century Bank Charter Bank Chicopee Savings Bank Citizens Bank Citizens-Union Savings Bank Clinton Savings Bank Community Bank Community National Bank Compass Bank Country Bank Danvers Savings Bank Dean Bank Dedham Savings East Boston Savings Bank Eastern Bank Easton Cooperative Bank Enterprise Bank & Trust Company Everett Co-operative Bank Falmouth Co-operative Bank First Essex Bank FirstFed America BankCorp Inc. Flagship Bank Fleet Bank Gloucester Cooperative Bank Greenfield Savings Bank Haverhill Cooperative Bank Hingham Institution for Savings Hudson Savings Bank Hyde Park Savings Bank Investors Bank & Trust Company Ipswich Co-operative Bank IpswichBank Lee Bank Lenox Savings Bank Lowell Co-operative Bank Milford Federal Savings & Loan Assn Mansfield Co-operative Bank Marblehead Savings Bank Marlborough Co-Operative Bank Middlesex Savings Bank Milford National Bank & Trust Company Monson Savings Bank Natick Federal Savings Bank Nantucket Bank Newburyport Five Cents Savings Bank North Brookfield Savings Bank Northern Bank and Trust Company Northampton Cooperative Bank Peoples Federal Savings Bank People's Savings Bank Plymouth Savings Bank Revere Federal Savings Rockland Trust Roxbury Highland Bank of Jamaica Plain Salem Five Cents Savings Bank Saugus Co-operative Bank Scituate Federal Savings South Shore Savings Bank State Street Bank Stoneham Co-operative Bank Stoneham Savings Bank The Cooperative Bank The Pittsfield Cooperative Bank United Cooperative Bank Wainwright Bank & Trust Company Warren Bank Watertown Savings Bank Webster Five Cents Savings Bank Wellesley Co-operative Bank Westborough Savings Bank Williamstown Savings Bank Woronoco Savings Bank Maryland 1st Mariner Bank Allfirst Bank American Bank Baltimore County Savings Bank Baltimore Trust Bank of Delmarva Bank of Glen Burnie Bank of Southern Maryland Bay National Bank Bay-Vanguard Federal Savings Bank Bradford Federal Savings Bank Calvert Bank Calvin B. Taylor Bank Carrollton Bank Cecil Federal Savings Bank Centreville National Bank of Maryland Chesapeake Bank of Maryland Chestertown Bank Chevy Chase Bank Columbia Bank Community Bank of Tri-County County Bank County First Bank Eastern Savings Bank Enterprise Federal Savings Bank Equitable Federal Savings Bank F & M Bank - Allegiance Farmers & Mechanics National Bank Farmers and Merchants Bank & Trust FCNB Bank Fidelity Bank First Shore Federal S & L Assn First Virginia Bank Forest Hill Bank Hagerstown Trust Hebron Savings Bank Home Federal Savings Bank Homewood Federal Savings Bank Industrial Bank Key Bank and Trust Leeds Federal Savings Bank Madison & Bradford Federal S & L Assn Maryland Bank and Trust Company Mercantile Bankshares Corporation NBRS Financial OBA Bank Patapsco Bank Peoples Bank Peoples Bank of Elkton Presidential Savings Bank Provident Bank of Maryland Provident State Bank Regal Bank Sandy Spring National Bank Sequoia Bank Severn Savings Bank Sparks Bank St. Michaels Bank Suburban Federal Savings Bank Talbot Bank Union National Bank Washington Savings Bank Westminster Bank Wyman Park Federal S & L Assn Maine BankBoston Bar Harbor Banking &Trust Company Bath Savings Institution Biddeford Savings Bank Border Trust Company Camden National Bank First Citizens Bank First National Bankof Bar Harbor First National Bankof Damariscotta Fleet Bank Franklin Savings Bank Katahdin Trust Company Kennebec Savings Bank Kennebunk Savings Bank KeyBank Machias Savings Bank MBNA America Bank Mechanics SavingsBank Merrill MerchantsBank Ocean National Bank Peoples, a Div. of Banknorth, N.A. Pepperell Trust Company Union Trust Company United Kingfield Bank Michigan 1st Source Bank Alden State Bank Alliance Banking Company Bank of Ann Arbor Bank One Bay Bank Byron Bank Capitol Bancorp Limited Century Bank and Trust Charlevoix State Bank Charter Bank Chelsea State Bank Chemical Bank ChoiceOne Bank Citizens Bank Comerica Bank County National Bank Crestmark Bank Empire National Bank Farmers State Bank First Independence National Bank of Detroit First National Bank of America Farmers State Bank of Munith First National Bank (Iron Mountain & Kingsford) First National Bank of Gaylord First National Bank of Negaunee First National Bank of Three Rivers First State Bank of EastDetroit Flagstar Bank Founders Trust Personal Bank Franklin Bank Grand Bank Hastings City Bank Honor State Bank Huntington National Bank Isabella Bank & Trust Kalamazoo County State Bank LaSalle Bank Marshall Savings Bank Metrobank National City Northern Michigan Bank Oxford Bank Peoples State Bank Republic Bancorp - Republic Bank Shelby State Bank Shoreline Bank Standard Federal Bank Sterling Bank & Trust Sturgis Bank & Trust Company The State Bank United Bank & Trust United Bank of Michigan University Bank Wolverine Bank Minnesota Atwater State Bank Bank of Elk River CenBank Cenex Finance Association Central Bank Community Bank Group Community National Bank Eastwood Bank Excel Bank Farmers State Bank of Madelia First Farmers & Merchants National Bank First Federal Bank First Integrity Bank First National Bank and Trust of Pipestone First National Bank of ElkRiver First National Bank of St.Peter First National Bank of Walker First State Bank of Bayport First State Bank of Rosemount First State Bank of Wyoming Fortress Bank Goodhue County National Bank Grand Rapids State Bank Heritage Bank Lake Area Bank Lakes State Bank Liberty Savings Bank Liberty State Bank Midway National Bank of St. Paul National City Bank of Minneapolis Nicollet County Bank Norwest Corporation North Shore Bank of Commerce Pine River State Bank Premier Banks Prior Lake State Bank Queen City Federal Savings Bank Red River State Bank Republic Bank Saint Anthony Park Bank Security State Bank of Maple Lake Security State Bank of Mankato Stearns Bank Sterling State Bank U. S. Bank Wells Federal Bank Western Bank Winona National and Savings Bank Missouri Allegiant Bank Bank of Belton Bank of Jacomo Bank of Kirksville Bank of Monticello Bank of Versailles Bank of Washington Bannister Bank & Trust Boone County National Bank Callaway Bank Cass Commercial Bank CBC Bank Central Bank (Jefferson City) Central Bank (Lebanon-Conway) Central Bank of Lake of the Ozarks Century Bank of the Ozarks Commerce Bank Community State Bank Concordia Bank Country Club Bank Empire Bank Exchange Bank Farmers and Merchants Bank of St. Clair Farmers and Merchants Bankof Hale First Federal Bank First National Bank First National Bank and Trust Company First National Bank of Missouri First National Bank of St. Louis Heartland Bank Heritage Bank of St. Joseph Jefferson Bank of Missouri Kearney Commercial Bank Kearney Trust Company Liberty Bank Liberty Savings Bank F.S.B. Bank Midwest Independent Bank Neosho Savings and Loan Association O'Bannon Bank Ozark Bank Ozark Mountain Bank Peoples Bank Premier Bank Pulaski Bank Ripley County State Bank St. John's Bank and Trust Stone County National Bank The Bank of Salem Third National Bank of Sedalia UMB Bank Union State Bank Mississippi Bancorp South Bank of Commerce Bank of Holly Springs Bank of Winona Bank of Yazoo City Britton & Koontz First National Bank Carthage Bank Century Bank Citizens Bank of Philadelphia Cleveland State Bank Copiah Bank First Bank First National Bank of Clarksdale First National Bank of Picayune First National Bank of South Mississippi First Security Bank Bank of Franklin First State Bank Hancock Bank Lamar Bank Merchants & Farmers Bank (Kosciusko) Bank First Financial Services Merchants & Marine Bank National Commerce Bancorporation Planters Bank and Trust Company SouthTrust Bank Trustmark National Montana American Bank Montana American Federal Savings Bank Big Sky Western Bank Citizens State Bank First Citizens Bank First Interstate Bank First Security Bank Glacier Bank Heritage Bank of Kalispell Manhattan Bank Pioneer Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Ravalli County Bank Rocky Mountain Bank Ronan State Bank State Bank & Trust Company Stockman Bank Western Bank of Wolf Point Western Security Bank Yellowstone Bank North Carolina Anson Bank & Trust Ashe Federal Bank Bank of America Bank of Granite Bank of Oakridge Bank of Stanly BB&T Cabarrus Bank & Trust Cardinal State Bank Central Carolina Bank Centura Bank Coastal Federal Cooperative Bank Fidelity Bank First BanCorp First Charter First Citizens Bank First Commerce Bank First Community Bank First National Bank and Trust Company First Trust MortgageCorporation First Union Bank Lexington State Bank (LSB) Lincoln Bank Macon Bank Mechanics and Farmers Bank NationsBank NBC Bank North Carolina Trust Piedmont Bank Roanoke Rapids Savings Bank SouthTrust Bank The Community Bank Triangle Bank Wachovia Bank North Dakota American Federal Bank American State Bank and Trust Company American State Bank and Trust of Dickinson Bank Center First Citizens State Bank - Midwest Community First Bankshares, Inc. Community National Bank of Grand Forks Dacotah Bank Drayton State Bank First International Bank & Trust First Southwest Bank First State Bank (Buxton, Grand Forks, Thompson) First State Bank of NorthDakota Peoples State Bank of Westhope The First and Farmers Bank Union State Bank Fargo United Community Bank of North Dakota Union State Bank Fargo United Community Bank of North Dakota Nebraska Adams Bank & Trust Cass County Bank Citizens National Bank of Wisner City National Bank (Greeley) City National Bank & Trust (Hastings) Commercial Federal Bank Cornhusker Bank Enterprise Bank Farm Credit Services of America Farmer's Bank & Trust Co. First Bank & Trust Company (Cozad) First National Bank First National Bank of Holdrege First National Bank of Minden First National Bank of Valentine First National Beatrice Bank & Trust Company First Nebraska Bank Fort Calhoun State Bank Fremont National Bank & Trust Company Great Western Bank Jones National Bank & Trust Company McCook National Bank National Bank of Commerce Omaha State Bank Pender State Bank Platte Valley State Bank & Trust Company Plattsmouth State Bank Sidney Federal Savings & Loan Assn. State Bank of Hildreth State Bank of Odell The Cattle National Bank of Seward Two Rivers State Bank Union Bank & Trust Company United Nebraska Bank Western Nebraska National Bank United Nebraska Bank New Hampshire Bow Mills Bank and Trust Centrix Bank & Trust Connecticut River Bank,N.A. Federal Savings Bank - Dover First Signature Bank & Trust Fleet Bank Franklin Savings Bank Granite Bank Laconia Savings Bank Lake Sunapee Bank Ledyard National Bank Mascoma Savings Bank Meredith Village Savings Bank Pemigewasset National Bank Piscataqua Savings Bank Profile Bank, F.S.B. St. Mary's Bank Savings Bank of Walpole Woodsville Guaranty Savings Bank Savings Bank of Walpole Woodsville Guaranty Savings Bank New Jersey Amboy National Bank American Savings Bank of NJ Bergen Commercial Bank Boardwalk Bank Boiling Springs Savings Bank Bridge View Bank Cape Savings Bank City National Bank Clifton Savings Bank Columbia Savings Bank Community Bank of Bergen County Commerce Bank Crest Savings Bank Crown Bank Delanco Federal Savings Bank Equity Bank First Savings Bank of Little Falls First Savings Bank (Woodbridge) First Union Franklin Savings Bank Freehold Savings & Loan Association Great Falls Bank Greater Community Bancorp Harvest Community Bank Hudson City Savings Bank Kearny Federal Savings Bank Lakeland Bank Magyar Bank Manasquan Savings Bank Metropolitan State Bank Millington Savings Bank NJM Bank NVE Savings Bank Ocean First Bank Provident Savings Bank Pulaski Savings Bank Rahway Savings Institution Rock Community Bank Roma Federal Savings Bank SI Bank & Trust Skylands Community Bank Sovereign Bank Spencer Savings Bank Sturdy Savings Bank Sun National Bank Synergy Bank The Bank of Gloucester County The Towne Center Bank Trust Company Bank Union Center National Bank United National Bank Valley National Bank Woodstown National Bank and Trust Company Yardville National Bank New Mexico AccessBank Bank of New Mexico Bank of the Rio Grande Carlsbad National Bank Centinel Bank of Taos Century Bank Citizens Bank of Clovis Citizens Bank of Las Cruces First National Bank of Santa Fe Los Alamos National Bank Mountain Community Bank New Mexico Bank & Trust Peoples Bank of Taos Union Savings Bank Union Savings Bank Western Commerce Bank New York Adirondack Trust Company Astoria Federal Savings Atlas Savings & Loan Association Ballston Spa National Bank Banco do Brasil Bank Audi USA Bank of New York Bridgehampton National Bank Broadway National Bank Brooklyn Federal Savings Bank Brown Brothers Harriman& Company BSB Bank & Trust Canandaigua National Bankand Trust Company Carver Federal Savings Bank Cattaraugus County Bank Central National Bank CFS Bank Chase Manhattan Bank Citibank Cohoes Savings Bank Commercial Bank of New York Commerzbank Cross County Federal Savings Bank Dime Savings Bank of Williamsburgh Elmira Savings & Loan Financial Federal Savings First National Bank of Dryden First National Bank of Jeffersonville First National Bank of Northern New York First National Bank of Scotia First Tier Bank & Trust Flatbush Federal Savings and Loan Association Fleet Bank Flushing Savings Bank Geddes Federal Savings & Loan Association Great Eastern Bank Highland Falls Federal Savings HSBC Bank USA Hudson River Bank &Trust Co. Independence Community Bank Israel Discount Bank of NewYork Jamaica Savings Bank, FSB Lake Shore Savings LBS Bank Long Island Commercial Bank M &T Bank Marine Midland Bank Maspeth Federal Savings Monaco Bank of Trade Inc. MTB Bank National Bank of Geneva National Bank of Stamford NBT Bank, NA North Country Savings Bank North Fork Bank Orange County Trust Company Oswego County Savings Bank Pavilion State Bank Pioneer Savings Bank Ponce de Leon Federal Savings Bank Provident Bank Queens County Savings Bank Reliance Bancorp, Inc. Republic National Bank of New York Richmond County Savings Bank Ridgewood Savings Bank Rondout Savings Bank Roslyn Savings Bank SBU Bank SI Bank & Trust Skaneateles Savings Bank Sound Federal Savings and Loan Association Standard Chartered State Bank of India State Bank of Long Island Sterling National Bank Steuben Trust Company Stissing National Bank Suffolk County National Bank Tioga State Bank Tompkins County Trust Company Troy Savings Bank Ulster Savings Bank Union State Bank Wallkill Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association Warwick Savings Bank Wilber National Bank Wyoming County Bank Yonkers Savings and Loan Association Nevada Bank of America Bank of the West Citibank Community Bank of Nevada First Independent Bank of Nevada First National Bank of Nevada Nevada State Bank Silver State Bank Sun West Bank U.S. Bank Valley Bank Ohio Advance Financial Savings Bank American National Bank Apple Creek Banking Co. Bank One Belmont National Bank Champaign National Bank andTrust Charter One Bank Chippewa Valley Bank Sky Bank Sky Bank Citizens Banking Company (Sandusky) Citizens Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Citizens National Bank Citizens Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Citizens National Bank (Urbana) Commercial Bank Consumers National Bank Cornerstone Bank Dollar Bank, FSB Fairfield Federal Savings& Loan Fairfield National Bank Farmers and Savings Bank Farmers National Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati Fifth Third Bank First Community Bank First Federal (Defiance) First Federal Savings and Loan Association (Van Wert) First Federal Savings Bank of Ironton First-Knox National Bank First Merit First National Bank of Germantown Fort Jennings State Bank Franklin Savings Greenville Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Guernsey Bank Heartland Bank Hicksville Building, Loan& Savings Bank Home Savings & Loan Huntington Banks Kenwood Savings Bank Key Bank Liberty National Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mercantile Savings Bank Mercer Savings Bank Metropolitan National Bank of Youngstown Monitor Bank National City Monroe Federal Savings & Loan Assn. NCB Savings Bank, FSB North Akron Savings Bank Northern Savings & Loan Company Ohio Savings Bank Park National Bank Peoples Federal Savings and Loan Association of Massillon Peoples Savings & Loan, West Liberty Provident Second National Bank (Greenville) Second National Bank (Warren) Sky Bank Sky Financial Group Star Bank Sycamore National Bank The Hicksville Bank The Richwood Banking Company Twin Valley Bank Union Bank Company United Bank United Midwest Savings Bank U. S. Bank Valley Savings Bank Wayne County National Bank Wayne Savings Community Bank WesBanco Oklahoma American Bank & Trust American Heritage Bank American National Bank (Ardmore) Americrest Bank Arkansas Valley State Bank (Broken Arrow) Arvest American NationalBank Arvest Bank Arvest State Bank BancFirst Bank of the Panhandle Bank of Oklahoma Bank One Canadian State Bank Central National Bank of Alva Citizens Bank & Trust Company (Ardmore) Citizens Bank of Ada City National Bank & Trust Oklahoma Coppermark Bank Exchange Bank and Trust Company F & M Bank, N.A. F&M Bank & Trust Company First Bank First Bank & Trust Company (Duncan) First Bank & Trust Company (Perry) First Bethany Bank &Trust First Farmers National Bank First Fidelity Bank First National Bank & Trust Company (Ada) First National Bank & Trust Company (Ardmore) First National Bank andTrust Company in Clinton First National Bank and Trust Co. of Weatherford First National Bank (Altus) First National Bank in Durant First National Bank of Midwest City First National Bank of Nowata First National Bank of Okmulgee First Pryority Bank First United Bank Grand Lake Bank Lincoln National Bank Mid First Bank National Bank of Commerce NBC Bank Oklahoma State Bank Payne County Bank Pioneer Bank and Trust Quail Creek Bank RCB Bank Republic Bank of Norman Security National Bank& Trust Shamrock Bancshares Southwestern Bank &Trust Company Spirit Bank Stillwater National Bank and Trust Company Sulphur Community Bank Superior Federal Bank The Stock Exchange Bank UMB Bank United Bank of Del City WestStar Bank Oregon Bank of America Bank of the Cascades Bank of the West Community First Bank Evergreen Federal First Consumers National Bank Inland Empire Bank Lincoln Security Bank Oregon Pacific Banking Company Pacific Continental Bank Pacific State Bank Security Bank Holding Company US Bank West Coast Bankcorp Pennsylvania 1st Main Line Bank 1st Summit Bank Abington Bank Allegheny Valley Bank Allfirst Bank American Bank Apollo Trust Company Atlantic Central Bankers Bank Bank of Hanover and Trust Company Bank of Lancaster County BankPittsburgh Beneficial Savings Bank Blue Ball National Bank Bucktail Bank & Trust Company Charleroi Federal Savings Bank Central Pennsylvania Bank Century National Bank & Trust Company Chestnut Hill National Bank Citizens & Northern Bank Citizens National Bank of Evans City Citizens National Bank ofSouthern Pennsylvania Commercial National Bank of Pennsylvania Commonwealth Bank Community Bank CoreStates Bank County National Bank Dollar Bank Downington National Bank Eagle National Bank East Stroudsburg Savings Association Elverson National Bank Ephrata National Bank Eureka Bank Farmers First Bank Fidelity Bank Fidelity Deposit & Discount Bank First Capitol Bank First Citizens National Bank First Commonwealth Bank First CommonwealthFinancial Corporation First County Bank First Federal Bank First Federal of BucksCounty First Keystone FederalSavings Bank First National Bank & Trust Company of Newton First National Bank ofBerwick First National Bank of Greencastle First National Bank of Herminie First National Bank of Leesport First National Bank of Mercersburg First National Bank of Port Allegany First National Community Bank First National Trust Bank FirstService Bank First Star Savings Bank First Union Firstrust Bank FNB Bank, N.A. Founders' Bank Fulton Bank Fulton Financial Corporation Gratz National Bank Great American Federal Great Valley Bank Harleysville National Bankand Trust Company Harris Savings Bank Honesdale National Bank Bank Investment Savings Bank Jim Thorpe National Bank Keystone Financial Keystone Savings Bank LA Bank Lafayette Ambassador Bank Laurel Savings Bank Laurel Bank Lebanon Valley Farmers Bank Legacy Bank Luzerne National Bank Mellon Bank Mercer County State Bank Merchants Bank of Pennsylvania Merchants National Bank of Bangor Merchants National Bank of Kittanning Mifflinburg Bank & Trust Muncy Bank & TrustCompany National Bank of the North East National Penn Bank Nazareth National Bank Northumberland National Bank Omega Financial Corporation Parkvale Bank Patriot Bank Pennsylvania Business Bank Pennsylvania Capital Bank Pennsylvania State Bank Pennview Savings Bank Peoples State Bank Pioneer American Bank, N.A. PNC Bank Premier Bank Prestige Bank Promistar Bank PSB - Peoples State Bank Quakertown National Bank Scottdale Bank &: Trust Co. Somerset Trust Company Southwest Bank Sovereign Bank Standard Bank, PaSB Susquehanna Bancshares Bank Swineford National Bank Third Federal Savings Bank Turbotville National Bank Union National Bank United Bank of Philadelphia Vartan National Bank Wayne Bank Williamsport National Bank WingspanBank.com Woodlands Bank Rhode Island Bank Boston Bank of Newport Domestic Bank Fleet Bank Milford Federal Savings & Loan Assn Newport Federal Savings Bank The Washington Trust Company Westerly Savings Bank South Carolina AgFirst Farm Credit Bank American Federal Bank Arthur State Bank Bank of America Bank of Anderson Bank of Clarendon Bank of Greeleyville Bank of South Carolina BB&T Beach First National Bank Carolina First Bank Carolina State Bank Centura Bank Clemson Bank & Trust Coastal Federal Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank of South Carolina First Citizens National Bank First Federal of Charleston South Carolina Bank and Trust First National Bank of South Carolina First Reliance Bank First Savers Bank First Trust Mortgage Corporation First Union Greenwood Bank & Trust Lighthouse Community Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mutual Savings & Loan Association Mutual Savings Bank National Bank of South Carolina Palmetto Bank Palmetto State Bank Pee Dee State Bank People's Community Bank of South Carolina Peoples Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Peoples National Bank Plantation Federal Savings Bank Provident Community Bank Security Federal Bank South Carolina Bank and Trust SouthTrust Bank The County Bank Trust Company of the South Wachovia Bank Pinnacle State Bank Wachovia Bank South Dakota Andes State Bank American State Bank BankWest Brookings Federal Bank Community First Bankshares, Inc. Dacotah Bank Farmers State Bank (Marion) First Midwest Bank First National Bank in Brookings First National Bank in Garretson First National Bank in Sioux Falls First State Bank of Sinai Founders Trust National Bank Home Federal Bank Rushmore Bank & Trust State Bank of Alcester Valley Banks Valley Banks - Community Trust Tennessee Athens Federal Bank of Cleveland Bank of America Bank of Bartlett Bank of Crockett Bank of Dickson Bank of Halls Bank of Jackson Bank of Ripley Bank of Sharon Bank Tennessee Carroll Bank and Trust Cavalry Banking Commercial Bank & Trust Company Citizens Bank Citizens National Bank (Athens) Citizens National Bank (Sevier) Citizens Tri-County Bank City State Bank Cleveland Bank & Trust Colonial Bank EFS Federal Savings Bank Enterprise National Bank First American National Bank First Central Bank First Citizens National Bank First Community Bank First National Bank of Oneida First State Bank First Tennessee Bank First Virginia Bank Hardin County Bank InSouth Bank Legends Bank NBC Bank Security Bank Security Federal Savings Bank Sevier County Bank SouthTrust Bank Sun Trust Banks Traders National Bank Tri-State Bank of Memphis Union Bank Union Planters Bank Weakley County Texas Abrams Centre National Bank Alliance Bank Amarillo National Bank American Bank American Bank of Commerce American Bank of Texas American National Bank (Wichita Falls) American State Bank Bank of America Bank of Galveston Bank of Texas Bank of the West Bank One Bank United BankDirect Baytown State Bank Bonham State Bank Brady National Bank Brenham National Bank Broadway National Bank Caldwell National Bank Canyon Creek National Bank Central National Bank (Waco) Citizens Bank & Trust Company Citizens National Bank (Brownwood) Citizens National Bank (Fort Worth) Citizens National Bank (Henderson) Citizens National Bank (Waxahachie) Citizens State Bank of Somerville City National Bank (Kilgore) City National Bank City State Bank of Palacios Clear Lake National Bank Coastal Banc Colonial Savings Commercial National Bank of Texarkana Community Bank & Trust Compass Bank CompuBank Coppermark Bank Del Rio National Bank Eagle Bank Eisenhower National Bank Elgin Bank Farm Credit Bank of Texas Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas First American Bank Texas First Bank (Azle) First Bank & Trust of East Texas First Capital Bank First Capital Bank First Community Bank (Houston) First Convenience Bank First-Lockhart National Bank First National Bank of Athens First National Bank in Cameron First National Bank in Port Lavaca First National Bank of Abilene First National Bank of Anson First National Bank of Beeville First National Bank of Bellaire First National Bank of Jacksboro First National Bank of La Grange First National Bank of Mineola First National Bank of San Benito First National Bank of Sudan First National Bank of Texas First National Bank of Trenton First National Bank of Wichita Falls First National Bank Texas First Savings Bank First State Bank (Happy) First State Bank (Stratford) First State Bank ofLivingston First Texas Bank First United Bank ofDimmitt First USA First Victoria National Bank Fort Hood National Bank Franklin Bank Fredonia State Bank Friona State Bank Frost Bank Gateway National Bank Graham Savings & Loan Heritage National Bank Interstate Bank Jefferson State Bank Kleberg Bank Landmark Bank Laredo National Bank League City Bank &Trust Longview Bank & Trust Main Bank Mainland Bank Mansfield Community Bank Marble Falls National Bank MetroBank Moody National Bank National Bank NBC of Texas North Dallas Bank & Trust Norwest Online Orange Savings Bank Perryton National Bank PNB Financial Point Bank Schwertner State Bank Schertz Bank & Trust Security Bank Security Bank Garland Security State Bank Share Plus Federal Bank Southwest Bank Southwest Bank of Texas Star Bank of Texas State Bank - La Grange State Bank & Trust State Bank of Texas State National Bank ofTexas State National Bank of West Texas Stephenville Bank &Trust Company Summit Bancshares, Inc. Summit National Bank Synergy Bank Texas Bank (Brownwood) Texas Bank (Weatherford) Texas Capital Bank Texas Community Bank & Trust Texas First Bank Texas Gulf Bank Texas National Bank Texas State Bank (San Angelo) The Bank & Trust The Bank of Texas ValueBank Texas Woodcreek Bank Woodforest National Bank Woodcreek Bank Woodforest National Bank Utah Bank of Utah Bank One Barnes Banking Company Central Bank Far West Bank First Security Bank First Utah Bank Home Credit Bank Lewiston State Bank State Bank of Southern Utah Zions First National Bank Virginia Acacia Federal Savings Bank Access National Bank Bank of Botetourt Bank of Clarke County Bank of Essex Bank of Hampton Roads Hanover Bank Bank of Southside Virginia Bank of Tazewell County Bank of the Commonwealth Bank of Williamsburg BB&T Benchmark Community Bank Blue Grass Valley Bank Cardinal Bank Central Virginia Bank Centura Bank Chesapeake Bank Citibank Commonwealth Community Bank Community Bank Community Bank of Northern Virginia F & M Bank - Peoples First Citizens Bank First Community Bank First National Bank ofChristiansburg First Virginia Bank Fredericksburg Savings Bank Guaranty Bank Highlands Union Bank Lee Bank & Trust Company Miners & Merchants Bank& Trust Company Monarch Bank National Bank of Blacksburg NBC Bank New Peoples Bank Northern Neck State Bank Old Point National Bank Planters Bank & Trust Company of Virginia Rappahannock National Bank Resource Bank Rockingham Heritage Bank Shore Bank Southside Bank The Fauquier Bank The Middleburg Bank Union Bank & Trust Company Union Bankshares Corporation United Bank Vermont Chittenden Bank Citizen's Savings Bank & Trust Company Community National Bank Connecticut River Bank Factory Point National Bank Lyndonville Savings Bank Merchants Bank Northfield Savings Bank Washington Anchor Savings Bank Bank of America Bank of Clark County Bank of the West Bank of Whitman Banner Bank Cascade Bank Columbia Bank HomeStreet Bank EvergreenBank Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle First Federal Savings of Port Angeles First Mutual Bank Heritage Bank Islanders Bank North Sound Bank Northwest Farm CreditServices Northwest International Bank Pacific Northwest Bank Pend Oreille Bank Phoenix Savings Bank Rainier Pacific Riverview Community Bank Seattle Savings Bank Security State Bank The Commerce Bank ofWashington Today's Bank U.S. Bank Washington State Bank Washington Trust Bank Westsound Bank Yakima Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Wisconsin Abbotsford State Bank Amcore Bank American Community Bank American National Bank AnchorBank Associated Bank Bank of Lake Mills Bank of New Richmond Bank of Prairie du Sac Bank of Wisconsin Dells Bankers' Bank Cornerstone Community Bank Baraboo National Bank Baylake Bank Black River County Bank Cambridge State Bank Citizens State Bank ofLoyal Community Business Bank Community First Bank Community State Bank Cornerstone Community Bank DMB Community Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank F &M Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank & Trust Farmers Savings Bank First Bank & Trust First Banking Center First Citizens State Bank First Community Bank (Milton) First Federal Savings Bank First National Bank (Manitowoc) First National Bank of Baldwin First National Bank of Hartford First National Bank of Hudson First National Bank of Waupaca First National Bank of New Richmond First National Bank of River Falls First Northern Savings Bank Firstar Bank Fortress Bank Fox Valley Savings Bank Guaranty Bank Great Midwest Bank Green Lake State Bank Greenwood's State Bank Hiawatha National Bank Home Savings Bank Hometown Bank Ixonia State Bank Jackson County Bank Johnson Bank M&I Bank Maritime Savings Bank Markesan State Bank McFarland State Bank Mid-Wisconsin Bank Monona State Bank Monona State Bank Mutual Savings Bank Park Bank Peoples State Bank (Prairie du Chien) PremierBank River Falls State Bank State Bank of Cross Plains State Bank of Drummond State Bank of Florence State Bank of Howards Grove State Bank of Viroqua Stephenson National Bank & Trust The Bank of New Glarus The National Bank of Waupun The Peoples State Bank (Mazomanie) Walworth State Bank Wauwatosa Savings Bank Wisconsin Community Bank Wood County National Bank West Virginia Advance Financial Savings Bank Bank of America Bank of Mingo Bank One Belington Bank Belmont National Bank Bruceton Bank Capital State Bank Capon Valley Bank Citizens Bank of Morgantown Citizens National Bank (Elkins) City National Bank Davis Trust Company First Century Bank First Community Bank First Exchange Bank First National Bank (Ronceverte) Hancock County Savings Bank Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Huntington Federal Savings Bank OneValley Bank Pendleton County Bank South Branch ValleyNational Bank United National Bank WesBanco Wyoming American National Bank Bank of Jackson Hole First Interstate Bank First Federal Savings Bank First National Bank & Trust of Powell First National Bank of Wyoming First Security Bank Hilltop National Bank Jackson State Bank Norwest Oregon Trail Bank Security State Bank Shoshone First Bank Tri-County Bank Wyoming Bank & Trust Limits of Liability / Disclaimer of Warranty: The authors and publisher of this book and the accompanying materials have used their best efforts in preparing this program. The authors and publisher make no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, or completeness of the contents of this program. They disclaim any warranties (expressed or implied), merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. The authors and publisher shall in no event be held liable for any loss or other damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential, or other damages. As always, the advice of a competent legal, tax, accounting or other professional should be sought. The authors and publisher do not warrant the performance, effectiveness or applicability of any sites listed in this book. All links are for information purposes only and are not warranted for content, accuracy or any other implied or explicit purpose. This manual contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized use of this material is prohibited. Adobe, Adobe Acrobat and related names are the property or Adobe Systems Incorporated. No relationship with or endorsement of this publication by Adobe Systems Incorporated should be inferred. TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION: A WISE INVESTMENT!....................................................................................................................................4 CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY ...................................................................................6 THE WISDOM BEHIND HOW THE IRS VIEWS YOU ............................................................................................................................... 6 UNWISE BUSINESS IDEAS ........................................................................................................................................................................8 TYPES OF BUSINESSES AND THE IMPACT ON BUSINESS CREDIT .......................................................................................................... 9 CHAPTER 2: BUSINESS CREDITOLOGY 101 .............................................................................................................................12 THE THREE BUREAUS ...........................................................................................................................................................................12 SOME BASIC BUSINESS CREDIT CONCEPTS .........................................................................................................................................14 THE SCORING MODELS OF THE DNB...................................................................................................................................................16 PERSONAL GUARANTORS AND GUARANTEES DEMYSTIFIED ............................................................................................................. 20 CHAPTER 3. GETTING MERCHANT CREDIT ...........................................................................................................................21 WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW BY NOW .....................................................................................................................................................21 TYPES OF VENDORS THAT WILL GIVE YOU INSTANT CREDIT ............................................................................................................. 22 WHY VENDOR CREDIT IS IMPORTANT .................................................................................................................................................24 CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES.........................................................................................25 TRUE BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS ...........................................................................................................................................................25 WHO GIVES OUT BUSINESS CARDS? ....................................................................................................................................................26 WHAT’S AN UNSECURED CREDIT LINE AND HOW IT FUNCTIONS ..................................................................................................... 31 CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN................................................................................32 WATCH AND FOLLOW THE GURU IN ACTION TO LEARN ................................................................................................................... 32 A CREDIT LINE OF UP TO $100K WITH A FEW OTHERS ..................................................................................................................... 37 THE LADDER TO $250K ........................................................................................................................................................................38 STEPPING ON THE NEXT WRUNG ON THE LADDER TO $500K............................................................................................................ 39 THE FINAL STEP TO $1M ......................................................................................................................................................................39 CHAPTER 6: WHY SHELF COMPANIES ARE A WASTE OF TIME FOR YOU ...................................................................41 TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONT'D) DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY .....................................................................................................................................................41 WHAT A BROKER ISN’T GOING TO TELL YOU ...................................................................................................................................41 CHAPTER 7: USING A BUSINESS CREDIT SERVICES BROKER ..........................................................................................44 THE CREDIT WORLD IS FILLED WITH DEEP CHASMS ........................................................................................................................ 44 SOME COMMON FAQS OR HOW TO TELL IF YOUR BROKER IS A GURU VS. AN APPRENTICE ........................................................45 CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING ................................................................................................................................................................................ 48 APPENDIX OF VENDORS.................................................................................................................................................................50 APPENDIX OF BANKS ......................................................................................................................................................................61 INTRODUCTION: A Wise Investment! G u r u Says... “The world of business credit consists of two separate groups of people, the Masters and the Apprentices. The main divider between both is knowledge, for there is nothing the Master can do that the Apprentice can’t.” You now have the one source that will save you thousands of dollars in lost broker fees, bad advice and scams. For some, that’s worth the price of the book already. If I had a teacher (in a book or in person) like this when I was starting out building my business credit, it would have saved me countless of hours of research, headaches and awful expensive advice. When I was an Apprentice in the world of Business Credit, I ran into countless brokers or business credit services providers in this market who knew nothing, yet charged $6,000 - $25,000 a pop for shelf companies, credit lines and other over the top offers. I often heard tall tales about what is and isn’t possible with a company. I was confused, distraught and felt completely lost in the dark. Every second that passed by, I felt that I was somehow losing ground. If you find yourself in the same situation, rest assured, you are not alone. This is the common fate of the business credit Apprentice. Alternatively, business credit Masters exist and operate in a different realm. They flow in and out of the business world being able to attain lines of credit, credit cards, and letters of credit without any difficulty. They are rarely ever led astray or misled for they know what is possible and what isn’t. Not only are they able to guide their own credit identities using certain time tested principles, but they also never ask any business credit brokers for advice even though some may opt to use a broker’s services. For our purposes, these Masters are considered Gurus. They can exist as teachers, leaders or at the very least knowledgeable entities in the realm of business credit. I am a Guru. And if you’re willing, I’m going to teach you how to become one. What you’re reading now is a straight to the point hands-on approach to understanding and expanding business credit for owners of established companies (in existence for 2 or more years). I show you how to build on your existing business credit profile to add credit cards, vendors and credit lines. I also show you how to “ladder” credit lines to get to $250K, $500K and $1M in total credit, starting with just $25K in a bank account. Throughout the book, I assume you have decent credit (680 or above) revenues, clients, and certain vendors you do business with on a regular basis. I lay it all out for you in an easy to read guide that you can come back to over and over again. As you’ll notice, the book is rather brief. Being a Guru, I have no time or use for fluff and neither do you. I cut through the falsifications and exaggerations to deliver the truth. The truth rarely requires explanation. You need a fast and straight to the point approach because you’re not going to get it from very many other sources on the internet. Before moving forward, you should know that I’ve created this book from a perspective of knowledge and giving. It is so important in understanding and getting business credit that if you took away all of the bankers I have come to know, all the credit specialists I speak to regularly, all the seminars I’ve attended, all the websites and user forums I’ve researched, and left me just this book, I would know all of what I needed to know to launch a business, get credit and spend almost nothing out of my own pocket! Now that’s what a Guru would teach you. I am the Guru and you are my Apprentice. Let’s Get Started. IMPORTANT If you like what I have to say and are looking for some great passive income opportunities I discuss later in the book, do us and yourself a huge favor. Become an affiliate with the Business Credit Guru and promote this book. As you’ll see, I don’t tout myself as being a Guru for no reason. I know the ins and outs and have no need to lie to exaggerate the truth. Help your fellow entrepreneurs get the right education in this oft elusive market. We give away large commissions to our affiliate partners and even let you in on marketing tips and secrets for generating regular income. Click here to learn more and join. CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY TH E G u r u Says... “A properly organized company will bear many fruits from the business credit tree.” The Wisdom Behind How the IRS Views You In our world, the IRS cares about one thing and one thing only: getting paid what’s owed to them. They couldn’t care less as to who is doing the paying as long as someone, or something, pays them what’s owed. There is an entire world of wisdom in that realization yet it escapes many business owners. Instead, many entrepreneurs start off in the wrong direction right away by assuming that their business and they are one and the same. They’re not. The IRS doesn’t seem to want to agree with that idea. So why should you? You are a separate entity from your business unless you’re a sole proprietor. G u r u Tip Sole Proprietorships usually come with big and often dire consequences to the entrepreneur in the realm of business credit. G u r u Recommendation “Stay Away from Them!” Let’s clarify. When you go to a CPA to file taxes at year’s end, the IRS taxes both you and the business. Of course, it’s a lot more complicated than that, but the IRS already knows that (unless you are sole proprietorship) you and your business are two different entities. They treat you like two different entities. This is advantageous. If your business is separate from you, then so should be your business credit. Our goal in creating business credit is simply to get everyone to view us as separate entities, and not just the IRS. This is a crucial point if you’re a sole proprietor as you’ll NEVER be able to successfully accomplish everything I lay out here unless you incorporate. Our dilemma of course is that initially credit bureaus, banks and other merchants don’t view us as separate entities. They don’t behave like the IRS in allowing you to separate yourself from your business at the onset. In this case, it is not to their advantage. They don’t have any security in the business especially when the owner(s) of the business suffer from bad personal credit.. What’s worse is that throughout the life of a business, most owners won’t do enough to separate themselves from the business. Business owners are so busy creating revenues (as they should be) or lining up funding that the world of business credit is as foreign a concept to them as nuclear engineering. Remember when you were young and your parents told you that establishing good credit history will save you a lot of headache and money over the years? Well they were right! The Guru is now telling you that as an entrepreneur establishing credit history for your business is just as important and if not more important than your personal credit history. Your business is a source of income for you. A way to pay bills and perhaps one day lead a lifestyle you read about in books or watch in movies. The only thing you can count on for income after yourself (and perhaps your spouse) is your business. And as such, it should be treated with respect, nurtured, regularly monitored, and cultivated. I can’t tell you the number of times I get business owners who want credit after being in operation for 3 years and haven’t ever taken a look at a copy of their business credit report. I think this is just amazing and massively detrimental. Some have no other source of income other than the business yet when I mention things such as “Your business credit score is too low” or “There are tax liens on your business credit profile” they get insulted, frustrated and of course angry. The reason being is that most of the time when someone *really* wants business credit, it’s at the 11th hour when they’ve finally gotten an opportunity to buy something at wholesale prices from a foreign source, or a large purchase order from a major manufacturer. And as we all know, anything done in the 11th hour is expensive, frustrating and often bears ill results. G u r u Tip Not Being Aware of Your Business Credit Score is a Recipe for 11th Hour Frustrations and Let Downs G u r u Recommendation “Regardless of whether you are starting a knitting shop selling your blankets for $4.99 a pop or a software company trying to secure its first $30M in seed money, stay AWARE of your business credit!” Unwise Business Ideas There are a few things you need to stay away from as far as business ideas are concerned. The reasons for this are simple. There are certain “kisses of death” in the business credit lending world that will sideline you to the benches before you’re even aware that you’re in the game. Most often, business credit Apprentices of established companies approach me when trying something radically different than what they’ve been doing as a business up until that point. This often is a sign of underlying business problems and bankers have very sensitive antennas that will pick this up in a heartbeat. These “Aha” moments come as great ideas to the Apprentice, but having been there and done that, most bankers know that borrowers are setting themselves up for utter failure. These ideas are: i. Anything associated with Adult Entertainment ii. Online Gambling Casinos iii. A Business that buys/sells Financial Notes iv. A Real Estate Investment Firm (my personal favorite) The first category, Adult Entertainment, doesn’t really need to be explained in too much depth so I’ll skip it. Just know that if you’re a plumber and suddenly get the urge to open a strip club, the odds are stacked very far against you if you let credit grantors know that is what you intend to do with the credit. In the financing realm, anything remotely associated with the industry is automatic grounds for denial for most banking credit and quite a few merchants as well. The second category is where it gets interesting. A while ago, I got approached by a group of young kids trying to startup an online casino; they called it “poker school”, and wanted to amass large credit lines to handle their cash inflows and outflows. Apparently these guys were some local poker sharks in the area and had amassed quite a bit of money as they were talking about paying someone $50K to set up a shelf company (discussed later) and get some credit going for them. They heard about me from one of my Apprentices turned Guru and were really excited about my methods. At the time, I had never considered going down this road for a potential client base and was a bit excited by the challenge. I called around a few banks and got one of my trusted expert credit officers on the line and discussed the idea with him. He flat out told me that 99% of the banks he knew of would consider this request simply because of their industry. I was quite taken aback. Apparently gambling institutions are not a hot ticket item for banks despite the obvious cash flow implications. Some banks won’t even let these institutions open up checking accounts. The reasons for this vary from State to State, but the gist is that as gambling is outlawed in most states, and any entity dealing with gambling not pre-approved by the state is going to be penalized. Since banks are the most regulated institutions in the country, it’s no surprise that no one wants to take any risk associating themselves with an outfit that is potentially doing something illegal. Most banks simply won’t risk it. G u r u Tip Developing Credit and Banking Relationships is Key to becoming a Guru Financial note sellers and real estate investment firms are lumped into the same category as far as banking relationships are concerned. Both are considered high risk industries due to the sheer amount of defaults, non payments, and inexperienced managers. Real estate investment firms are especially frowned upon because of the lack of stability in this market on “flipping” properties. Companies that suddenly decide to shift gears and are looking for money or credit for investment are always troublesome and heavily scrutinized. Many companies that have long business histories often have the idea of buying distressed real estate properties and start looking for credit to do so. Though it’s certainly possible to attain business credit lines, explicitly getting credit for investment purposes is usually grounds for an automatic denial. From a financing perspective, being as expensive as they are with respect to interest rates, general investing simply does not deliver the type of return that would make the credit line worth while anyway. Types of Businesses and the Impact on Business Credit In order to become a Guru, first you must learn about foundations of business legalities. The reason being is that in most cases it’s important to understand how a C corporation gets credit versus how a Partnership would get credit. I use the term credit loosely for the time being. I will start dissecting its meaning in a few chapters down the road. For now, it’s sufficient to know that credit is granted by someone or something and that entity, the Credit Grantor, is who we are focused on. In the world of business credit, the kind of legal status your company holds has a direct impact on how credit will be granted to you. A Buddhist belief beckons that boredom is one of the keys to enlightenment. If that’s so, the following section is both, enlightening and boring. G u r u Tip Credit Grantors view the world in a different way. Evolving from Apprentice to Guru requires one to take a look from their perspective and not your own. Sole Proprietorships In the world of Gurus and Credit Grantors, Sole Proprietorships are always a sign of hidden problems. As an entrepreneur, they do little for you. They offer limited protection from any lawsuits and do not create a separate business identity aside of a tax ID number and a starting platform for doing business. Typically, I consider these the lazy way to be in business. As I said earlier, I advise against Sole Proprietorships. Things such as personal tax liens and collections can easily be reflected in your business credit profile. Your personal credit will rebound quickly from these types of faux pas, but your business credit will not. There are plenty of entrepreneurs out there who have operated for years as a sole proprietorship and then decide to incorporate as either an S or C corporation. In my professional experience, 80% of this group often has hidden liens, judgments and collections that are showing not only against their personal credit but also on their business credit. These are rather difficult to eliminate, so why even bother with the hassle? G u r u Recommendation “Don’t be lazy. If your business is producing income, incorporate.” Partnerships These are a better option for business credit rather than sole proprietorships, but still have some serious limitations. First limitation is that a partnership is again, a “de facto” way to be in business without really taking the time to incorporate. Hence, it too, offers little protection. Each partner is considered a sole and separate entity that is joined with the other(s) to transact under one Tax ID number. This advice is of course limited to small business entrepreneurs and not established corporations that decided to form a partnership agreement to do business under. The problem we often run into here though is that Credit Grantors usually look at the partners as equal shares in the company. This may work against those in the situation where one partner’s credit score is terrible (make no mistake: we’re going to need credit scores to get business lines of credit and credit cards). In that case, little if anything can be done. Corporations There are two types, S and C corporations. Despite the common perception that C is better than S in business credit decisions, I have never experienced any proof of why this is or if it’s even a valid statement. Both are fine. And both leave quite a bit of wiggle room when a particular shareholder has bad credit scores. Getting alternative guarantors on corporations is easy as updating with the state’s filing status and appropriate papers and then waiting for seasoning requirements by banks. I discuss this in depth in the “Business Credit for Business Owners with Bad Personal Credit Guide”. LLC’s In the business world, the added advantage of an LLC over a corporation is that through a few residential lenders, the LLC can get independent residential financing. Residential financing can be granted to a LLC, instead of the individual, if the loan to home value ratio is low (usually 65% or lower). The credit scores of the owners of the LLC (or the operating managers) have to be good to grant this loan and the LLC has to be an income generating business that can pay the balance of the mortgage through its profits. There are (to date) NO stated or no income documentation programs. I mention this little tidbit of information for the large sea of would be real estate investment firms that are constantly looking for business credit. This is one way with one caveat. If you’re an LLC with an array of credit lines and are arranging a loan to buy residential real estate, you’ll have to show how you’re coming up with the large down payments. In the case when I’ve worked with LLC’s who were borrowing against credit lines to come up with the down payment, the request was always declined. Always! Business credit for LLC’s is easily attainable but once again, just as in the case of the corporations, the overwhelming majority of managing partners (not owners) need to have stellar credit in order to qualify for the bank credit lines and credit cards. This advice applies to business entities that do not have an established business credit history. There are ways to qualify for both without personal credit checks or at the least, without as much emphasis on personal credit. G u r u Tip LLC’s and Corporations have equal weight in the business credit world with LLC’s having the added advantage of being able to qualify for certain types of financing by themselves CHAPTER 2: BUSINESS CREDITOLOGY 101 TH E G u r u Says... “When in Doubt, Understand that All Knowledge Extends From a Few Fundamental Concepts.” The Three Bureaus In the last section you may have picked up on me referring to bank credit lines and merchant lines of credit. If you were confused about how these differ, I will clear them up in this section. But, let’s start with the bureaus first. Understanding the what, the who, and the how of the organizations that are actually creating and monitoring your company’s business credit will greatly help in understanding the range of what is and isn’t possible. G u r u Tip Credit Grantors look at the data from credit bureaus to determine if a corporation is worthy of credit. G u r u Recommendation “Learn as much as you can about the different types of credit bureaus and how they keep score” There are multiple credit bureaus in the business credit world and just like in the personal credit market, they are not run by a governmental body. All credit bureaus are independent organizations that operate by selling credit information to businesses or consumers. In the business realm, there are 3 major credit bureaus and a few minor ones. The big three are: Dunn and Bradstreet (DNB) Experian Business Equifax Business By far, the most commonly used bureau is Dunn and Bradstreet, or DNB for short. Unlike the personal credit markets, businesses inquiring about another entity’s credit do not pull all three bureaus. The reason being is that it’s simply too expensive. On average, each report can cost anywhere from $9.99 to $149.99 for a single pull without a volume account. If pulling all three bureaus was the norm, businesses would be spending potentially $400+ getting credit for a company. On average, most companies will pull two credit reports: DNB and Experian. The major difference between the bureaus is the number of businesses each one reports on in its database and the scoring system(s) they use. Each bureau has a separate and unique scoring system. We’ll dive into these systems later, but for now its enough to know unlike the personal credit market where a 700 score means the same thing for all three personal credit bureaus, a 225 score from DNB is not the same as a 225 score from Experian Business (225 doesn’t even exist as a potential score from Experian). Experian Business and DNB credit reports on a business account for 99% of all the reports I have come across to date. Once a business requests credit from a given merchant or bank the vendor will pull a credit report through one of these bureaus. For example, let’s say a small distribution company called Pacific Distribution sells office products to Bay Area law firms. In an effort to expand business, the shareholders decide to court a big Southern California client and receive a huge order for various office products. Let’s also assume that Pacific Distribution is a very small outfit (3 man show) and is incredibly cash poor. Instead of paying their suppliers in cash which would leave them severely depleted in reserves, the owners rather request a $50,000 revolving credit line from each supplier to help manage cash flows. To date, Pacific has made no such request from any vendor and its business credit profile has never been pulled. If all the suppliers use Experian to pull credit, Experian will be the first one notified that Pacific Distribution is seeking credit and will create a new file for the company. There is little the owners can do to modify the information provided to the credit bureau and cannot proactively create a new file with Experian. The reason why this is important is that DNB is the only bureau to date that provides a way for new companies with no pre-existing relationships with suppliers or other vendors to create a credit file. After getting a Tax ID number, the shareholders or officers of that organization can call the DNB proactively and request a DNB number (DUNS number) for their company. They can also input preliminary information such as length of time in business, names of shareholders, sales, employees, etc. G u r u Tip The DNB uses a proprietary online credit management system called DNBi. It is by far the most comprehensive database of information on over 100 million companies. Credit Grantors often use this system to request information about a particular company. Once a DUNS number is assigned, a new credit file for the company is created and an overall score, called the Paydex, is provided. The Paydex is one of 3 different scores used by DNB to provide credit information on a company. What the Paydex is and its importance is discussed later, but what’s important to note here is that the Paydex is just one of a few different scoring systems from DNB. There are others (Commercial Credit Score and Financial Stress Score). The Paydex can be built to really high levels but in the end it’s PART of the entire picture, not all of it. Some Basic Business Credit Concepts Most suppliers (or vendors), such as office supply stores, gas stations, computer outfits, usually use DNB to grant store credit to a given legal entity. In other words, if I was the owner (bad personal credit) of a C- corporation in state of California with a DUNS #, I can request a store credit card or credit line from RadioShack or OfficeMax with nothing more than my DUNS# and my incorporation papers. Usually, no credit checks are used and in quite a few cases personal credit information is not even requested. When a retail business grants credit to be used within its chain of stores (I’m using the word stores loosely, it can mean anything from gas stations, office supply stores, etc) I call it vendor or merchant credit. Vendor credit can be easily and quickly built from a slew of well known vendors as big as Staples and Texaco, to ghost stores that don’t sell any products but can be used to inflate the size of your credit lines. This latter type of credit is often associated with shelf companies that we will discuss in depth in later chapters of this book. For the time being it is sufficient to know that the concept exists. Bank credit, unlike vendor credit, is a parallel concept to credit cards. Banks give unsecured (as in they do not encumber any asset) credit lines to organizations that are within the bank’s credit risk. Depending on various banks, the risk assigned to a specific borrowing entity may entirely or partially depend on factors such as: ! Company’s credit scores and the scores of the guarantors ! Company’s Industry ! Company’s credit grade ! Amount of time present management has been in place ! Revenues and Income of the Company ! Length of time company has been in business These credit lines can be used for any business purpose but are most often used for proper cash flow management. Bank credit lines always require prime credit scores from the guarantors, not necessarily the shareholders. To qualify, the guarantors must be one of the officers of the company that are mentioned in the company’s Articles of Incorporation or Operating Agreement. G u r u Tip You should now see why it’s beneficial to have a corporation or LLC instead of a sole proprietorship, general partnership, etc. Guarantors are not the same as the shareholders of the company and can come and go. This leaves for a lot of maneuverability down the road. The Scoring Models of the DNB As an established business you will need to focus only on two business credit bureaus, DNB and Experian. While the latter is rigid and tough to deal with, DNB offers multiple scores, as in more than one, on a given company and there are three that we need to really take a look at: 1) The Paydex 2) The Overall Commercial Credit Score and 3) The Financial Stress Score. The Paydex is the easiest score to maintain and is often mistaken as the only score the DNB provides. As they say in France, “au contraire mon frere”. This mentality is a true novice mistake. Many an entrepreneur with perfect Paydex scores have gone down the path of requesting credit and financing only to be declined because of “Serious Derogatory or Delinquency” items found on the credit report. I can’t begin to tell you the number of times I have found myself discussing this issue with clients. The Paydex is used as an indicator for how prompt the company is in paying its bills. That’s it. It’s not the end all be all of credit scores and is only part of the picture. The following chart breaks down the scores of the Paydex and what they mean: D&B PAYDEX Score Payment Habit 100 Anticipate 90 Discount 80 Prompt 70 15 days beyond terms 60 22 days beyond terms 50 30 days beyond terms 40 60 days beyond terms 30 90 days beyond terms 20 120 days beyond terms UN Unavailable Alternatively, the Commercial Credit Score (CCS) is the next big item and is often completely overlooked by entrepreneurs when assessing their own company’s creditworthiness. The importance is akin to the overall FICO score of the company and is often used in determining whether a company is creditworthy. It is this score that is often the determining factor in bank credit line decisions. The Commercial Credit Score creates a statistical model for the likelihood of a company being delinquent, or 90 days past terms to any of its vendors over the next 12 months. In other words, the CCS shows whether or not the company may default or be delinquent at some point in the future. It’s a predictive score that anticipates when a company will generally pay its bills. A table of these scores and how they rank is provided below: Commercial Credit Score Credit Score Credit Score Percentile Class 536-670 91-100 1 493-535 71-90 2 423-492 31-70 3 376-422 11-30 4 101-375 1-10 5 If it’s not obvious from the table, anything below a 400 Commercial Credit Score is usually grounds for automatic denial of credit. I have seen few companies with scores below 400 get approved for bank credit lines. Once a company reaches and maintains itself among the higher echelons of credit scores in the chart above, less emphasis is put on the personal FICO score of the shareholder in credit based decisions. G u r u Tip The Paydex and Commercial Credit Score account for most of the criteria that Credit Grantors look for when approving or declining a credit request. To determine how much credit to grant is dependent upon the recommended credit limit by the bureau. G u r u Recommendation “Periodically check your business credit scores. It never hurts to know how good or bad you look to a Credit Grantor.” The final score that is taken into consideration is the Financial Stress Score. This score predicts the likelihood of a firm going out of business without paying its creditors in full, reorganizing, filing for bankruptcy protection and/or relief from its creditors over the next 12 months. Here is the scoring model used by the DNB: Financial Stress Score Financial Stress Incidence of Percentile Stress Score Financial Score Range Class Rang Stress 1377- 1 21-100 0.49% 1875 1353- 2 11-20 1.37% 1376 1303- 3 5-10 3.73% 1352 1225- 4 2-4 8.30% 1302 1001- 5 1 35.80% 1224 All scores are normalized using other factors such as company size in terms of employees, annual revenues reported from the year prior, public filings, trade payments made, length of histories with vendors, etc and given a fourth rating, called a Composite Credit Appraisal. These can be classified into two separate categories: 1) companies that provide financial data to DNB and 2) companies that don’t. The latter, and this is important, can never get above a “Good” or 2 rating on the system. To get the highest rating possible, A1, a company must report its financials to the DNB. As a startup, the only scores you need to worry about for right now are the Paydex and the Commercial Credit Score. Once we get into how to create business credit, I’ll dive into both of these a bit more and how you should monitor them. For right now, just think of this section as a good reference guide. The Experian Beast Experian Business is a rigid entity and much tougher to deal with than the DNB. Unlike the DNB, Experian Business isn’t very “entrepreneur friendly” and there is little if anything that can be done to rid your company of problems that show up on your Experian business credit report. Quite a few times, as is the case with sole proprietorships, Experian is the festering ground for hidden liens, collections and tax liabilities that the owner (or shareholder if incorporated) had thought were filed against them personally, but have mysteriously wound up on their business credit report. If you are a sole proprietor and have recently incorporated or are thinking of incorporating, know that your Experian Business credit report will sometimes parallel the derogatory sections of your personal credit files. I think it’s unfair as well and the bad news is that getting this bureau to release any derogatory information on the business credit report is very tough. In any case, an Experian Business Credit Report looks like this. Experian “Credit Ranking Score” ranges from 0 – 100, with 100 being the highest rating a business can get. On the sample, the business is reporting a score of 30 and is several DBTs (Days Beyond Terms). Were a real business applying for credit, an approval would be difficult at best. Though the charts and data provided are wonderful visual aides, what I’d like you to take away from this exercise is that for established companies, you’ll have to ensure that Experian Business credit report reflect the same information as the DNB. Though there are things you can do to dispute the validity and accuracy of trade lines and payment history, you have to ensure that Key Facts about your company are the same for all bureaus. For example, if a credit grantor is considering granting a large credit line and notices that your Experian Business credit report shows sales of $2M while you’re DNB is showing sales of $3.5, and you’re stating $5M, you can bet your bottom dollar that you’ll be pulled in for a manual review. In this case, your personal credit score, or the credit score of your shareholders, becomes that much more important. Remember consistency in data found on your credit reports is the key! G u r u Tip Many an Apprentice who live and die by only their DNB credit report falter in the business credit world sooner rather than later. Know the data on all your credit reports. Request it from the bankers or credit grantors every time whether are APPROVED or DECLINED for credit Personal Guarantors and Guarantees Demystified A great deal of ignorance lies in this statement: “I want to get $1M in business credit but I don’t want to give out a personal guarantee.” Every time you find yourself thinking of such a statement, understand that you are thinking like an Apprentice and not a Guru. Gurus know that personal guarantees are a part of every, and I do mean, every credit and lending decision. Even credit cards have within them a personal guarantee clause. Essentially, all a personal guarantee is that you pledge your assets (your bank account, your home, your cars, and your credit) to the payment of a specific debt. A personal guarantee means that you are personally guaranteeing the debt. A bank or a merchant would be foolish not to ask for one. It would be like me going up to you to buy something from your store and saying “I don’t want to be held liable for the debt in case I can’t make payments on this item.” That’s a pretty foolish request. Yet many are lulled into this false sense of security that personal guarantees are somehow not needed on certain financing and credit decisions. It simply isn’t true. Checking personal credit and/or encumbering personal assets though are completely separate matters. A personal credit check may be required by the Credit Grantor to ensure that the individual asking for the credit request is credit worthy. In other words, does the individual have a good personal credit history that shows a track record of making prompt payments on similar requests when credit has been granted? This step may or may not be a part of a given credit decision. To encumber something on the other hand, in the business sense, means to put a physical lien or other security instrument against it. That is considered collateralizing your assets to secure a loan and is not the same as a personal guarantee. Therefore, a guarantor is an individual (or group of individuals) who have the assets and/or the credit to support the prompt payment of the credit request plus the interest. In credit and lending decisions, a guarantor personally guarantees repayment of debt through their own assets in case the debt defaults. A lender may or may not choose to collateralize the guarantor’s assets to complete this guarantee. It is not always required. G u r u Tip You’d be surprised to find out that a few individuals don’t understand this simple concept and use the terms credit checks and guarantees synonymously. If in doubt, ask what they mean. CHAPTER 3. GETTING MERCHANT CREDIT Th e G u r u Says... “Once the fundamentals are known to the Apprentice, the journey towards becoming a Guru consists of fortitude, perseverance and exercising their knowledge” What you should know by now I neglected to put this section at the end of the last chapter because reviews are most beneficial when done when beginning an experience, rather than when ending it. Before moving forward, I have provided some terms that you should have a good understanding of by now. From this point forward, I will use these terms interchangeably: DNB, DNBi Equifax Business Experian Business Business Credit Bureaus Commercial Credit Score Paydex Financial Stress Score DUNS Numbers Vendor Credit Lines Bank Credit Lines Personal Guarantors Personal Guarantees Credit Grantor Types of vendors that will give you instant credit We will now begin to take our knowledge of the fundamentals and begin to create credit. If you’re with me so far, the next few sections and chapter are the equivalent of a graduate course in business credit. I will go through step-by-step how we’re going to get your company from where it’s at currently to have a large amount of credit lines from vendors and banks in as short of a time as possible. Believe it or not, phone companies, wireless providers and a whole slew of office product companies will give your company credit without any financial or personal credit information. If you are currently paying your own wireless bill or have your phones setup in your name instead of your company, I recommend you change that fast. Our goal within the vendor credit arena is to get a total of 20 vendors reporting to our business credit file in 90 days. Here are the *types* of merchants that grant credit to us easily. Phone Companies and Local Broadband AT&T is available in most areas and they provide an easy way to get a business account. All you need is your Tax ID information and maybe your articles of incorporation/organization to verify that you are in fact a legitimate business. Usually, a phone company will setup an account for you without using any personal credit information. The only thing that I would suggest here is to find a way to get yourself in your local pages listing. This will help you in getting listed in case a merchant decides to do company verification. Most phone companies will provide this as an option for you and if they do not, do ask your sales representative on how you can get this setup. G u r u Tip An 800 number greatly enhances the profile of your company and makes it look like more than just you running your firm out of your home. G u r u Tip “Always make sure your company has an 8** number” Next, your representative should give you the option of setting up a broadband type of service (via cable or DSL) through your account. This is also a good idea, though you may want to shop around for the cheapest provider as it’s not always necessarily going to be your phone company. Your phone company may also ask you if you’d rather use VOIP (voice over IP) service. This is gaining in popularity and is cheap, fast and flexible. If you’re on a shoestring budget and need to place a high volume of calls for your business but can’t afford the long distance charges, this is not a bad option. Just ensure that you are listed in the phone books and have a 411 listing to your business. That should accommodate what we’re trying to accomplish. Wireless Wireless phone providers (Sprint, Nextel, T-mobile, AT&T, etc) ALL provide business accounts without checking personal credit scores. I’ve found though that the page links to get started with ordering business services is not readily available on their websites. Instead, you’ll have often to call into the new customer service departments and ask for information on how to setup business accounts. One of the reps will usually provide information (in some cases, they may ask you to visit a local dealer with a copy of your articles of incorporation/organization and a utility bill of your company). In all cases, these wireless companies will grant as many as 20 lines for your firm. If you need them, they’re there, but having seen quite a few entrepreneurs “credit happy”, I have some golden advice for you. Only spend cash if it somehow increases your productivity, increases your revenue or decreases your expenses. Don’t increase your monthly expenses in the hopes that down the line the increase will help in increasing productivity. This is a gamble that 90% of the time causes many companies to be upside down in expenses before they get out of the gate. Spend wisely. Think of it as an investment. If there are 4 of you in the firm and they’re giving away 20 lines, only take 4. G u r u Tip Business credit is not free money. Don’t be exuberant. Buy only what you can afford to pay back. Office Supply Stores The easiest merchants to get credit out of are office supply stores. Staples, OfficeMax, Office Depot and even online e-commerce stores like Nebs and Quill regularly grant credit. These stores grant super small lines ($300 - $1000) for your company but then once you have an established history with them, they will easily jack these lines up to as much as $5000. That’s a lot of office supplies if you ask me. Almost all of these stores have a separate business credit section built into their websites. If for some reason you can’t find it, call one of the 800 numbers for the stores and ask for a credit application for your business. You will get one emailed and or faxed to you right away. Large Technology Outfits Firms like Dell, IBM, HP and Xerox love granting small credit lines to newly formed companies though you must have a history of a few accounts with positive trade history reporting to the DNB before this step can be taken. Before going to these outfits, ensure that you have at least 5 other vendors on your credit profile that have been around for at least 90 days. Once you’re over that hump, you can list the new vendors as reference accounts and then start with a small business credit line from these companies. Gas Stations Texaco and Chevron are among the few gas companies that regularly give out business credit lines without a personal credit check. I have yet to see something similar from Amoco or Exxon. With a few credit lines built into your credit profile and a few vendors reporting (ideally you want to have total credit up to $2500 before you go down this route) you can start applying to Texaco and Chevron. Don’t go overboard with credit limits; try requesting a modest credit limit of $300 to get everything started. Every month you are welcome to call in and ask for an increase. Once you have a few months of track history with these firms, you can apply for additional or supplemental lines with companies like 76, Circle K, and BP Amoco. Other Retail Giants The final category, and often the most difficult to qualify for, is the retail giants such as The Home Depots, Best Buy and Circuit City. The trick to getting qualified here is to have at least $7,500 in credit built up that is reporting on your business credit profile with, of course, no history of late payments and a super high Paydex score (75+). Once you are at this stage, applying for credit with these large outfits is easy. In the case when they ask for personal information, I have often told my Apprentices to leave it blank. Surprisingly, we found a 50% approval rating when the business was for at least 6 months or more, had a good DNB profile and a high Paydex along with $7,500 in credit from other vendors. Why Vendor Credit is Important In 6 – 12 months of starting to apply for business credit, you can easily build $10K in vendor credit (if you’re still not convinced I will give you a step by step approach soon enough). Once there, your company has enough credit to compete with a normal average 19 year old teenager. In other words, your company begins to take an identity of its own if it hasn’t already. You, being the owner or shareholder, should treat it as such and furtively promote your business as a separate identity when applying for credit. But why is any of this important? Why can we not just apply for credit cards and bank lines of credit? The answer lies in understanding what vendor credit does to the overall credit score of your company. Simply put the more vendors are reporting on your company’s credit profile, the more robust your company appears. Credit Grantors will always look for a detailed credit history of any business entity that they are about to grant credit to. The longer, broader and more diverse this history appears in a credit profile, the more your company is operating as its own entity and the less it matters of the individual personal fico scores of the shareholders (guarantors will always be required for loan or credit requests). CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES Th e G u r u Says... “The final frontier in credit development lies in attaining unsecured credit.” True Business Credit Cards If you and your shareholders have great credit, applying for an unsecured business credit card is a cinch. Simply go to any of the credit card companies I mention in the next table, apply for a credit card and you’ll wind up getting one virtually overnight. Just ensure that among the plethora of offers these companies regularly endorse on the table, the card you are applying for is truly unsecured. In other words, that the business credit card shows up only on your businesses credit profile. I’ve done most of the work for you and given you some good hard and fast rules for each company, their qualification criteria if it was available, and then the contact information for each. Despite this information, I don’t consider these offers “true” business credit cards. In my perspective, no personal credit check should be required in order to grant an unsecured credit card to a business. If you’ve done a good job of separating your business from your own identity, than there area few companies that offer credit cards without personal credit checks. A few such entities are discussed in this book in the following section. Out of the gate as with even a modest credit history, you’re not going to qualify for true business credit cards. The reason being, of course, most do not have established business credit history and definitely not enough merchants reporting on your credit profile. If you are in the situation where a guarantor doesn’t mind having their personal credit run and can qualify for one of these credit cards, your goal is to get 3 – 5 unsecured business credit cards on your profile along with 20 – 25 vendors reporting. If you establish good positive trade history with each of your merchants, pay your bills on time and keep your balances low (don’t max out your credit cards) then applying for credit as a business becomes a whole lot easier down the line (6 – 12 months of positive credit history at the minimum). There are a few companies that offer true business credit cards. Take my advice and ensure that you have a solid history of business credit before applying to any of these companies for credit. Depending on how deep your credit profile is they may or may not run your personal credit. Be advised, that all of them will ask for a personal guarantee (remember how these two differ?). If you’ve done your job correctly, none of the following will do a personal credit check. The Home Depot MasterCard Fuelman Master Card Sam’s Club Discover Card Diner’s Club MasterCard Wright Express Master card Key Bank MasterCard Who Gives out Business Cards? Let’s say you don’t have the business credit depth that is required to get one of the above credit cards and want a faster way. If personal credit isn’t an issue, quite a few companies regularly give out business credit cards. But they are not really selling their own credit cards...they are usually using their own logos and branding but someone else’s programs to make you qualify for credit. Here are the largest business credit card companies I know of. I call them the “usual business credit card suspects”: ABN AMRO* GE Business Card Advanta Business Services HSBC Bank USA * Bank of the West Huntington National Bank Chase Manhattan Bank * Key Bank USA Citibank USA, N.A LaSalle Bank Comerica Bank, N.A. * MBNA America Bank, N.A. FIFTH THIRD BANK QuickBooks® Business MasterCard First Hawaiian Bank Standard Federal Bank First National Bank Of Omaha * As promised earlier, I’ve done most of the work for you. I’ve broken down the top credit granting companies, the types of programs they offer, and where they offer them. Some companies even offer working capital loans and leases, but most are going to base their decision off of personal credit. ABN AMRO * - No Annual Fee - Competitive Interest Rate - Free Online Statement - Geography: serving select areas of IL, IN, MI, OH and WI Advanta Business Services Will consider new companies Annual Sales Volume: not to exceed $10 million - No minimum years in business - Up to $50,000 in working capital - Your business name at the top of the card - Additional cards for employees - Rewards and discounts Bank of the West Minimum years in business: 2 Minimum Cards: 1 Maximum Cards: 10 Minimum Annual Sales: $100,000 Maximum Annual Sales: $100,000,000 Minimum Employees: 1 Maximum Employees: 5,000 Geography: companies located in HI Chase Manhattan Bank * Call to apply for the Chase MasterCard BusinessCard and enroll in "Chase Rewards for Business" In business 2 or more years Annual Sales Volume: not to exceed $7 million Maximum number of cards: 15 Your small business can maximize cash flow, receive monthly reports and statements that track your spending, receive travel accident insurance, emergency travel insurance and roadside assistance - and earn rewards too! Citibank USA, N.A CitiBusiness® Card with ThankYou Network(SM) - Free rewards program CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Card - Earn bonus miles CitiBusiness® Card - Superior benefits for your small business with the purchasing power you need CitiBusiness PremierPass(SM) Card - Exceptional Travel Awards Comerica Bank, N.A. * FIFTH THIRD BANK First Hawaiian Bank Minimum years in business: 2 Minimum Cards: 1 Maximum Cards: 10 Minimum Annual Sales: $100,000 Maximum Annual Sales: $100,000,000 Minimum Employees: 1 Maximum Employees: 5,000 Geography: companies located in HI First National Bank Of Omaha * GE Business Card - Minimum of years in business:2 - Competitive Interest Rate - Additional cards for employees - Rewards and discounts - On-line account statements - Charge or revolving cards available HSBC Bank USA * Designed to assist small businesses with annual sales of $20 million or less with everyday expenses such as office supplies, T&E and cash. Available at any HSBC branch within the U.S. to businesses that have been in operation for at least 2 years. Minimum Cards: one (1) Maximum aggregate credit lines: $25,000 Huntington National Bank In business 2 or more years Geography: FL, IN, KY, MI, OH, WV Key Bank USA In business 1 or more years Geography: AK, CO, ID, IN, ME, MI, NH, NY, OH, OR, UT, VT, WA LaSalle Bank - No Annual Fee - Competitive Interest Rate - Free Online Statement - Geography: serving select areas of IL, IN, and WI MBNA America Bank, N.A. Call Monday through Sunday, 8 a.m. - midnight, EST (please mention priority code EXOI) Minimum 2 years in business Annual Sales Volume: $300,000 or more Platinum PlusSM for Business Don't just think of it as a credit card, think of it as a way to manage your expenses more efficiently No annual fee Free additional cards for your employees Card Financials OnlineSM - Secure access to important account information and reporting 24 hours a day And much more! QuickBooks® Business MasterCard No annual fee Credit lines up to $50,000 Free additional cards for employees Competitive rates Automatically download your credit card transactions directly into your QuickBooks 2000 or 2001 software Optional TravelerMiles Program, MasterCard benefits, and much more! Apply today! Standard Federal Bank - No Annual Fee - Competitive Interest Rate - Free Online Statement - Geography: serving select areas of MI, IN and OH What’s an Unsecured Credit Line and How it Functions Unsecured lines of credit are revolving bank credit lines given to companies and do not show up on the owner’s personal credit reports. The words “unsecured” comes from the fact that these credit lines do not require any collateral and do not encumber any assets of the business owner (remember our discussion of personal guarantors?). In other words, no physical lien is put against the personal property of the entrepreneur. The worst most banks will do is put a UCC filing that will encumber the assets of the business up to the point of the size of the line of credit. But even that is rare. There are two main types of LOC’s: the ones requiring no income documentation and the ones requiring full documentation. The former are aggressive programs that provided by certain big national or regional banks. The latter are usually the product of small community banks that are spread across the country. The main differentiator is this. No income documentation programs always, and I do stress always, require prime credit from each guarantor. There are no exceptions to date and I don’t presume that there will ever be. Banks operate on risk mitigation. To think like a bank, you have to start asking yourself the following question, if this was my money, would I lend to someone else in my position and if I could, how would I ensure I get my money back? That’s risk mitigation. How do you mitigate the risk of lending to someone that’s looking to borrow? For banks, part of the risk can mitigate itself if the borrower has high credit scores. Typically, these borrowers have a lower chance of defaulting on loans and have demonstrated responsibility in payments. Thus, in the absence of any income documentation, credit can be extended to these borrowers by virtue of their high personal credit scores, their industries, their business credit scores and their declared annual revenues from the year prior. That last statement should raise an eyebrow or two. “Last year’s gross income?” you should be asking yourself. “But if that’s the case, how do shelf companies get lines of credit when in fact they’ve made no money?” By lying about income. That’s bank fraud and a common Apprentice mistake. Be very careful about shelf companies and shelf company providers. All banks, and I list a few of them in this book for you; look for a declaration of income. If you’ve bought a shelf company, your gross income is $0. How you qualify for bank lines of credit is a completely separate matter. Your company can qualify for up to 20 – 25 % of your company’s gross annual sales from the year prior from each lending institution that is listed in the appendix. Simply navigate to the websites indicated, by state, and look for the small business section. You’re looking for a business credit line, not a loan, but a revolving credit line on these sites. These lines are interest only and are usually referred to as SBAExpress Credit Lines, Business Express Credit Lines, or Business Credit Express Lines. CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN Th e G u r u Says... “Follow the footsteps of those that have gone before you.... ...and never get swept off your feet.” Watch and Follow the Guru in Action to Learn In the past few chapters I’ve given you just enough of what you’ll need to establish merchant credit for your company. But I’m not finished yet. We’re now going to create business credit for a company as if I was doing it myself and narrating my actions. This scenario assumes that I have little to no business credit. Here’s how I would create business credit for my company. Step 1: Incorporation Status If you are not incorporated, as I advised you earlier, incorporation is the key. Before I do anything, I incorporate. Let’s say, I’ve been operating a sole proprietor, called The Guru under a fictitious business name statement. Retaining my Tax ID number (do not change unless your business credit is also bad) I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as The Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. Next, I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as The Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. I choose 100 shares for no par value and assign them to myself as the owner. I assign myself as President, Secretary and Treasurer because The Guru is confident of his personal credit scores. If you find that you are not confident of your personal credit scores, please check out my Business Credit Guide for Owners with bad personal credit book. Step 2: Check Credit, the DNB Profile, DUNS, and ScoreBuilder My next step is to check credit on my entity through Experian Business and DNB. I go to these sites and pull my company’s credit from both entities: Smart Business Reports -- Experian Business (use the ProfilePlus program with Credit Score) DNB Comprehensive Inside Plus Report The cost totals $200.00. I find that my Experian Business score is 90 and that my Commercial Credit Score from DNB is 600 with a Paydex of 80. If you find your business credit scores significantly lower, I will be releasing a supplementary eBook entitled Fixing Bad Business Credit and Business Credit Repair. You will be notified via email once this is ready. Since I have a D-U-N-S number already, I signup for the ScoreBuilder program. If you don’t have a DUNS number, start by visiting http://www.dnb.com/us and selecting to get a D-U-N-S number. At the time of the publishing of this book, this option was a link on the upper right of the page. If that has changed, remember that the D-U-N-S number is absolutely free. There is no charge and despite what anyone tries to sell you, all you need for starters is the number. As a must, I recommend you pay the freight and buy the ScoreBuilder program if you don’t have it already. Next I want to update the online account for my company and sign in to create my company profile. Here, I’ll list update the information for my President, state the number of employees I have and my revenues. The only item that I want to explain a bit further here is the ScoreBuilder. In the business credit world, vendors and banks don’t HAVE to report to the credit bureaus. It is an option for them. Some do, some don’t. Unlike personal credit bureaus that rely on creditors to proactively report on payment trends, the DNB allows business owners the option to have a service placed on their account where DNB goes out and monitors your payment trends on given vendors. Even though there are some gurus that are purists and do not wish to go down this route, I find that typically, this is a great way to add vendors that you pay in full every month to build your company’s Paydex credit score to high levels fast (within 90 days). The payment trends will also be reflected in the Commercial Credit Score also. Step 3: DNB, Phone Lines and Broadband In what follows, I will follow a formula that has a pretty good hit rate for most companies without significant business credit history in my experience. For companies already in existence with established business credit profiles, the following may not be a bad exercise to read through and apply the things that you didn’t know were possible. One cautionary note: if your Paydex score is flawed and you have liens on your credit report (best to pull the DNB $150 comprehensive insight report on yourself to find out), you most likely will not be able to repeat the following with the same results. In this case, refer to Fixing Bad Business Credit and Business Credit Repair eBook. Once I’ve established a DNB number, the next step is to open a business phone line and get broadband service with my DNB number (if needed) and my Tax ID number. This can be done without the Article of Incorporation and so I’m not going to wait for them to arrive in the mail. I ensure that my company’s address is different than my residential address (if I don’t have an office I use Postal Annex to create an artificial forwarding address). The simple reason for this step is once this information is enlisted with the DNB, the information becomes public and I do not want my home address out there for everyone to see. A private mailbox with a local Postal Annex and will have suite numbers instead of PO Box numbers and do the job of creating a separate mailing address rather quickly. Once my business phone lines are established, I list my company with the Yellow Pages with the new phone number and the new address. Upon receiving my first phone bill, I will add in my phone company as a vendor for my ScoreBuilder profile. Throughout this entire endeavor I will ensure that I pay all my bills on time. G u r u Tip Remember that we are trying to build credit. Prompt payment of the entire bill is required to get stellar credit scores. Step 4: Adding Wireless and Office Vendors Next, large office supply vendors, such as Staples are good about giving out small credit lines to companies but need a copy of a utility bill showing your address. Since I have already received my first phone bill I will apply for a credit line of $750 at http://www.staples.com for a business credit account. While I’m at it, I also open a business account with NEBS (http://www.nebs.com) and QUILL (http://www.quill.com). Once approved on all three, I add them to my ScoreBuilder profile. I fully know by this time the amount of total credit I’m approved for ($750 from Staples, $300 from Quill, and $300 from Nebs in most cases). On my business credit report, after 30 days of these vendors being added, I will show three trade lines totaling $1,350 with perhaps a small balance on them. Next I realize that I need cell phones and I know that the easiest ones to apply for are either Nextel or T- mobile. I follow the same principles as above. I go to the website, call the general number, ask to apply for a business account and follow their procedures. Usually these lines come in 5s so I may wind up having 5 lines in no time that are from my company and not myself. They will even have “The Guru” on caller ID when calling other phones. This is a revolving account and works much like the AT&T account. It usually has no credit limit and so does not do much to boost scores. If I have room on my ScoreBuilder, I will add this account in as well, but if I do not, phone and wireless providers are not the types of vendors I want reporting on credit histories. Since I cannot raise credit limits, I will not gain anything except prompt payment history. G u r u Tip The ScoreBuilder product comes in various sizes. If you are strapped for cash and cannot afford the $700 yearly subscription, only add the accounts where your credit limit can be raised over time and ones that will show prompt payment history. Having one without the other serves little purpose. Step 5: “Fattening” the Credit File Once all these vendors are reporting on my credit file, my next step is to “Fatten” my credit file to get over $3,500 in total business credit. I can accomplish this easily over the next 60 days by adding vendors from Appendix A. I only pick and choose the vendors that I know correlate with my industry. For example, if I had registered myself as a trucking company, it would not make too much sense to have 1800Flowers as a vendor. Down the road, a credit grantor may choose to take a look at the “type” of vendors that are reporting on my credit file. Were a trucking company and had nothing but flower companies as my vendor base, it would not lend too much credibility to my business’ actual activities. It is doubtful for any trucking company to only have flower companies as the vendors it normally works through. Being “The Guru, Inc” I consider myself an online retailer as I am in the eBooks industry. Accordingly, I will pick companies that directly impact my business. To give you an example, I will most likely pick vendors from the following industries: Shipping Packaging Hosting eCommerce Computers Electronics I will stay away from companies requiring any kind of a personal credit check and continue to add them in until my total credit reaches $3,500. Step 6: Adding 2 Behemoths to Get to $15000 in Total Credit Once I reach $3,500 in total credit, I first call Staples and ask to extend my credit line to $1,500. Prior to making this request I ensure that my payments were all on time and that I have a $0 balance on my account. When asked for a reason for the increase, I state the truth. I am building my companies credit and it would work to our advantage of having a well known firm such as Staples increase our credit line. We’re responsible, well managed and as our records show, do not abuse credit. I repeat this procedure with Nebs and Quill. Both should double my initial credit lines. Once my credit total credit is increased to $5,000, I move to the first of two credit behemoths. I call Dell’s (www.dell.com) small business division and ask to apply for a business credit account of $5,000. I know that they will ask for all the same company information but they will most likely also ask for my company’s DUNS number. At this point in time it is to my advantage that my Paydex is above 80. The other credit scores don’t really matter much here unless I’ve missed payments on my report. If Dell denies me, it may be due to a seasoning reason (not been in business for too long) but this is a rarity. Once Dell has been established as a vendor, I will add them in on my ScoreBuilder profile and move to the other behemoth. The Home Depot is a tough cookie to deal with. Primary reason being that their qualification criteria are elusive and they have a habit of initially declining applicants and then approving them 30, 60, or 90 days later. The most important things to qualify for are the Home Depot vendor credit account. I follow the same basic procedure as before except in this case, I already know which website to go to and will point it out for you as it’s tough to find for the Apprentice. Click Here: Home Depot Revolving Charge Card Step 7: The Vendor Goal After following steps 1 – 6, and adding The Home Depot and Dell to my ScoreBuilder profile, my goal is to repeat Step 5 until I have amassed 25 vendors reporting on my credit profile. My strategy is as follows. I add new vendors every 30 days. After 90 days of adding them, I ask for credit increases. Once I have broken in to one industry of vendors (Shipping for example) I add similar vendors after 90 days. In the example above, I added Staples, Nebs and Quill all within the office supplies industry within my first 30 days of incorporation to my ScoreBuilder profile. Following suit, in 90 days I will add in Office Depot and OfficeMax while requesting credit increases from Nebs, Quill and Staples. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases from all 5. To take this a step further, I added Dell and The Home Depot as part of step 6. 90 days later, with Dell and The Home Depot both reporting on my credit profile, I will add in Xerox, HP, Compaq, and Lowes while asking for credit increases from The Home Depot and Dell. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases from all fully knowing that I may not get subsequent increases and may get declined. Usually, most vendors will allow 1 or 2 credit increases all year. Responsibility in repayment and keeping balances low is the key. Step 8: Unsecured Business Credit Cards After building up a fat vendor credit file with good trade histories, checking my business credit to ensure the correct information is reporting and that my business credit scores are stellar, I will go forward and apply to each of the credit card companies I outlined earlier without having to worry about personal credit checks. Here they are again: The Home Depot MasterCard Fuelman MasterCard Sam’s Club Discover Card Diner’s Club MasterCard Wright Express MasterCard Key Bank MasterCard Once I’m approved, I will add all of them on my ScoreBuilder business credit profile and head in to a local branch office at Chase (you cannot do this online) and open up a business checking account with an initial deposit of at least $10K. I will add overdraft protection and apply for a commercial credit card. Being careful, I’ll ask my business banker if there are any personal credit checks, but being a Guru, I already know that the answer will be no. Now...I’m ready to move on to lines of credit. A Credit Line of up to $100K with a Few Others Being that I have great personal credit across the board, I call Bank of America and ask to apply for a SBAExpress credit for up to $100K. A B of A representative will ask me a few questions, the most important of which is my gross revenues from last year. Bank of America will give me up to 15 – 20% of my gross revenues from the year prior as a credit line with stated income documentation. I should get approved in 48 hours with funds being deposited in another 10 – 15 business days. I repeat the same call with Wells Fargo and Citibank (two national lenders that lend in MOST states – make sure that they are in yours). They will attempt to approve me for 15 – 25% of my gross revenues, but because of the number of credit inquiries, will wind up granting me about 10% unless I’m lucky. In all business credit applications, I ensure that I know at what limit the bank will put a UCC filing against my company and request a credit amount less than that. In the case of Bank of America, I know that no such filing is placed until I am at $100K or above, as is the case with Wells Fargo and Citibank. But were I applying to a Washington Mutual or Banco Popular, the UCC filing would be after $50K. I want to avoid these filings like the plague...they greatly inhibit my chances of getting large loans, leases and additional credit. As a final step, I place all three on my ScoreBuilder account for DNB and take a deep breath before the next plunge. G u r u Tip UCC filings are a way for a lender to place the equivalent of a lien against your company. Unless applying for a large loan or lease, you do not want these types of filings on your company for credit purposes. Know at what credit limits the lenders will place a UCC filings and stay below that credit limit for that lender! The Ladder to $250K If you’ve gotten this far, you’re well on your way to becoming a Guru someday soon. This is where we start branching off from basic concepts to some advanced ones. I have used this formula time and time again to successfully build large credit lines for established companies. I consider what I’m going to describe to you to be fun, but it’s require patience and some money. Let’s take a tally of what we should have so far before moving forward. 25 vendors reporting on our DNB report and perhaps a few reporting on our Experian Business 3-5 unsecured credit cards reporting on both DNB and Experian Business 2 or 3 credit lines reporting on both bureaus totaling somewhere around $50- $200K depending on your revenues. It’s incredibly important to ensure that your personal credit scores are prime (700+ for all three) and that your business credit reports are also at their peak. If you’re finding that your business credit reports have too many inquiries on them, DNB will work with you on deleting them, but working with Experian Business is a mess. I provide details on how to accomplish this in a supplementary book called Bad Business Credit Repair. For the purposes of the example, I will assume that I managed to only get $50K from Bank of America as a credit line. Remember, that Chase bank account I opened with a $10K balance? I tap my Bank of America credit line for $25K and place it into my Chase checking account and let it season for a week or two. I call into their commercial department and request a small business credit line of 150% of my checking account balance. They will run my credit and approve me for another $50K. That makes the total credit $100K for starters. Next, I select 4 other large to mid sized banks within my regional locale. I want to tackle the biggest ones first as these will usually have more aggressive no income documentation programs. I repeat the above process with all four. I tap out my Chase commercial line of credit, open a checking account for $50K and apply for a line of credit of 100 – 150% of that amount. Once opened, I keep the minimum balance in my checking and then move on to the next bank and repeat the process until I amass $250K in total credit lines. Assuming the $10K initial deposit into Chase and a $1,000 minimum deposit to open and KEEP a checking account balance in each of the other banks, once finished, I should deposit back into my BofA credit line a total of about $20K. Since each bank grants me $50K, it should take me 4 banks with $1,000 minimum deposit and some closing costs to open each credit line. I deduct that as an expense from my original Bank of America credit line and deposit the rest back. I add all the new banks in to my ScoreBuilder program and I come up for air. Stepping on the Next Wrung on the Ladder to $500K To get to $500K, our approach changes a bit as we’re going to cool off adding new banks on board for a little while. Let’s take a tally of what we should have so far before moving forward. 25 vendors reporting on our DNB report and perhaps a few reporting on our Experian Business 3-5 unsecured credit cards reporting on both DNB and Experian Business 4 - 6 bank credit lines reporting on both bureaus totaling somewhere around $250K Let’s say that I have my bank credit lines in increments of $50K at Chase, Citibank, Wells Fargo, Wachovia and Bank of America, the latter have a credit available of only $45K. Let’s also say that I have a $10K balance in Chase and a $1K sitting in each of the other banks. Every 2 to 3 days, I want to move about $30K or more from one checking account to the next. This has to be clockwork. For example, I’d tap out the line from Wells Fargo and deposit into my BofA checking and then tap out the line from the BofA LOC and deposit it to Citi checking, and on and on. I cycle through these transfers every few days to show a large amount of activity with in the accounts to the bank. I do this for 60 days without breaking a sweat (I didn’t say this was going to be easy). Once I reach my 60 day goal and have cycled my account dutifully, I once again call in to the same commercial credit department for each bank and request a 100% credit limit increase in my credit lines. When asked what’s prompting the large activity, I state that I consider it normal business activity. This should be sufficient of an explanation and barring any missed or late payments, the $250K in total credit should now be $500K. The Final Step to $1M I’ve had 60 days of good activity and now should have around $485K (original deposit, minus new checking account deposit and bank fees). To get to $1M, we default to our first approach. I find five new banks in my area that offer no income documentation programs, but this time, I’m starting very large checking accounts $75K. But before we do that, let’s recap: I have the following 25 vendors reporting on our DNB report and perhaps a few reporting on our Experian Business 3-5 unsecured credit cards reporting on both DNB and Experian Business 4 - 6 bank credit lines reporting on both bureaus totaling somewhere around $500K I follow the same steps I took to get to $250K except this time; I apply for an unsecured LOC at each bank upon starting the relationship making sure that I select overdraft protection on all my LOC’s of at least $5K. Since I’m starting a large relationship, my credit scores are prime and my business credit shows $500K of unsecured credit, I have some more negotiating room. Instead of going into the bank and asking to open up a business checking account, I tell them that that I’m seeking new banking partners. I will open up a checking account only if I am granted an unsecured line of credit. In the conversation I throw out that my opening balance is $75K or more to let them know I’m serious and not another fly by night startup. Most of the time, the banker will counter my offer and will impose a large minimum balance of in my account. These are perfectly regular requests but what I want to ensure is that it’s not a daily or weekly minimum balance. That would be disastrous. In the case of monthly minimum, you should stagger your bank statement dates so that you can rotate the monthly balance in before the accounting period cuts off. Using this approach, you should be able to open up 5 more credit lines with $100K LOC each in a little less than 30 to 45 days. G u r u Tip The above approach works to perfection with one caveat. Your company has to be an income producing company that is commensurate with your credit increases. You cannot list on your profile that your company made $50K and request a credit limit increase to $250K. These types of requests are usually a total waste of your time as they’ll get declined 99.9% of the time. CHAPTER 6: WHY SHELF COMPANIES ARE A WASTE OF TIME FOR YOU Th e G u r u Says... “Avoid deceit. Gurus have far more effective methods.” DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY Quite a few business credit Apprentices stumble upon the concept of the shelf company and are immediately seduced with advertising as brash as: “Want to get $1M in credit? Buy a Shelf Company! Our companies come with millions of dollars of credit lines!” Who wouldn’t be seduced? Business credit Gurus fully know that such advertising is little more than a sales gimmick. Though a shelf company may indeed have millions of dollars in credit lines, they definitely aren’t from banks or lenders. But first, let’s clear up this elusive concept. What is a Shelf Company? In my example I’ve been using, “The Guru, Inc” is a perfectly good example of a shelf company that is until it reaches its first year. I created a company, filed all the appropriate paperwork, got all the appropriate vendors to report and have been building my credit profile. Had I not applied for credit cards and bank credit lines, I could have kept building these vendor trade lines and kept the company around for years without actually making any money. Just as easily, after amassing a large chunk of credit lines, I could have sold it to someone and saved them the headache of having to do all the work themselves. That is a shelf company. Why would I not want to create credit lines and credit cards for “The Guru, Inc” had I intended for it to be a shelf company from the start? If my original goal was to put “The Guru, Inc” on the shelf and let it season for a few years while I develop a vendor database, I would have definitely not given any banks or any lenders a personal guarantee on a revolving charge against my personal credit! That would be foolish. That way, when I go to sell the company, the new owner assumes all the credit lines with me as a personal guarantor. I’d be bankrupt and up to my ears in debt in 30 seconds. WHAT A BROKER ISN’T GOING TO TELL YOU When brokers are selling to the vast sea of business credit Apprentices, it is to their disadvantage to disclose that anyone can create a shelf company with millions of dollars of trade lines. Let’s examine how one would do just that. Say you are a savvy business credit Guru and understand how business credit works. So you incorporate a company, let’s call it XYZ Industries, Inc and get all the appropriate documentation filed with a company like BizFilings. You open up a Dunn and Bradstreet profile and assign your company a Paydex score. You then incorporate another company called ABC Products, Inc and follow the same procedure. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc are both independent entities. And it is perfectly legal to be vendors of each other, or in other words provide each other with their own products and services. Each company can then proceed to give a large credit line to the other and report as such on the credit bureaus. After all, it’s totally the company’s business how large of a credit line it can grant. Let’s dive into this concept a little deeper. Say you own a small convenience store and have decided to give your clients with good credit scores a store credit card. It is up to you, the owner of the company, to grant the amount of credit to someone. You can make it as large or as small as you’d like. After all, it’s your credit. The individual can go around and use as much of it as they’d like in the store and buy whatever they want. They can pay as they go, incurring an interest charge every month that you impose upon them. Many companies use this model to add serious returns to merchandise. Rarely do people asking for credit have the ability to pay for the entire product; otherwise they’d buy it in cash. Most consumers love having the option of splitting their payments into installments and slowly pay back the balance. Most owners and companies are okay with that, provided the individual pays interest on the outstanding balance of what they owe every month. Well, what if you were to strip away all your products and services from your store? What if you sold absolutely nothing? You can grant as much credit to anyone you’d like because that other person has absolutely nothing to buy. I can give someone $1M of a credit line, report to the bureaus that I have done as such, and that other person has a $1M line of credit from my store. What if that other person wasn’t a person a at all? What if it was a company? Does it change anything? Absolutely not. As far as the credit bureaus are concerned, it changes nothing. I can grant credit to anyone and start a trade line for that company on any given credit bureau. One and done. And that’s what’s happening here. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc don’t sell anything. Yet they grant each other $1M lines of credit and keep reporting to credit bureaus every 30 days with $0 balances. Now imagine if there was an entire group of these? How about 200 companies that did just that to each other? What would their credit report look like when you pulled credit? It was would have 200 vendors reporting perfect credit history for a long time. What do you think that does to a business credit score? And in essence what are you buying? You’re buying a company that has $1M of credit lines from other companies that probably don’t sell anything of value. Having said that, obviously if ABC Products ever applied for credit at another unsuspecting vendor that does sell products and service, the vendor would be staring at a pretty impressive credit profile and would be willing to get aggressive on its credit line. So shelf companies may in fact come with large credit lines from certain well known vendors (discussed below).What about bank lines and other lines of credit? Can a shelf company qualify for those? The answer is a big flat “No”. Remember our discussion about banks look for when approving credit lines for companies? 1. Shareholder’s credit score 2. Income documentation or “statement of income” 3. Length of time in business For a given shelf company, the answer to number 2 is a big fat $0. Shelf companies haven’t been making any money and to claim that they have is *lying*. Take a look at what’s going on with mortgage markets and the slew of individuals that lied about income and are facing large payments they cannot afford. There is a lesson to be learned here. If you or the company hasn’t been making a certain amount of money, don’t claim otherwise. Either through a bank audit or renewal you have a high risk of getting caught not telling the truth. Lying about income to get a bank to grant financing or credit is the absolute bare bones definition of bank fraud. CHAPTER 7: USING A BUSINESS CREDIT SERVICES BROKER Th e G u r u Says... “Know that by virtue of knowing what you’ve learned so far, you are smarter than those about to come before you.” The Credit World is Filled with Deep Chasms Business credit is not a new concept. Yet the slew of offers that exist from brokers on the internet, through email and through popular online sites such as craigslist (http://www.craigslist.org) could have anyone believing otherwise. Brokers offering services that can build a given company’s credit to $10M in unsecured credit lines are marketing to the public as if they’re promoting something brand new. Better yet, they’d have you believe that their out of the box solution is proprietary and unique. Everyday I speak to at least one Apprentice feverishly looking for something that doesn’t exist in the financing world. This individual is so convinced that a custom hidden solution to their credit and financing problems exists that they’ve made it their life’s mission to find a unique financing and credit package that will accommodate their unusual and albeit unrealistic goals. These types of individuals are the target market for quite a few providers of business credit services. There are plenty of desperate credit seekers in the market who are willing to spend the money to build large credit lines. And there are plenty of business credit brokers that are willing to take their money without a second thought. Generally speaking desperation is the easiest pandemic to sell in to. All one has to do is promise the desperate masses that they can provide the type of services people are looking for and the distressed are willing to shell out hundreds if not thousands of dollars for their services. It’s really that simple. I have found hundreds if not thousands of individuals who were looking for something that didn’t exist: Free Money. Your final step as a soon to be business credit Guru is to understand a simple concept. Business credit is not Free Money. Amassing large credit lines without a sound plan of how you are going to pay these lines back is the first step towards an eventual business credit meltdown. Instead, start with the end in mind. Know the overall purpose of the direction you are headed in. Create a financial plan of what you’re going to be using the lines for and document how the return you are getting from using these credit lines will exceed the interest rate that you’ll be paying on them. Effective small businessmen always think in terms of returns. Though many of you may already know this concept, it’s always a good reminder. In this market when there are many aggressive business credit programs floating around, it’s always in your best interest to be as detailed as possible about worst case scenarios about your credit lines and how these will affect your overall repayment ability. Some Common FAQs or How to Tell If Your Broker is a Guru vs. an Apprentice The following is a good list of common questions I get asked from time to time regarding issue of business credit brokers and overly aggressive offers on the market. My golden rule is that business credit gurus never need to lie. They don’t have to over promise and rarely do. Always choose a business credit guru when looking for a brokerage. I have bad credit. Someone is selling me a $25,000 shelf company with a guarantee that it comes with $5M in credit lines. They have someone that answers all the questions from bankers when they call. How is this possible? Better yet, how is this legal? It isn’t either. Banks will call in and ask to verify the information on the loan application. If someone is answering the banks “correctly”, it usually means that they are answering with false information about your company. Remember how I mentioned that unsecured bank credit lines are granted based on the amount of revenue you state you did last year? With a shelf company, the answer to that question is $0 and anything stated to the contrary is flat out lying. Exaggerating numbers, incorrectly stating your business model and growth, is not legal. Don’t jeopardize your future with these unwise practices. And remember, Gurus never lie about income. Credit lines are granted on the basis of personal credit scores unless the company has demonstrated itself to be a creditworthy entity by itself with multiple shareholders. No one would build a company’s credit line up to $5M using their own personal guarantees and their own credit score and then sell it to someone else for a price. Too much risk. Too much liability. The $5M in credit lines are more than likely useless vendor credit lines discussed earlier. I have a 700+ credit score. I have a friend who has a company that has been around for 2 years but has awful credit. Can I co-sign for him to get credit lines? Business credit lines are granted on the strength of the GUARANTORS on the loan. You can be a GUARANTOR on the loan but it requires an understanding of what it is your liabilities are. There is a company who is working with a hedge fund that is giving 30% of a company’s stated revenue as a credit line. Why don’t I just use them? Ask them where? Do you know of anyone that has received this generosity? I don’t and in 3 years of dealing with business credit for myself and other entrepreneurs, I’ve never even heard of it. More importantly, do the investors of the hedge fund know that their fund managers are promoting this kind of exuberance? Would you invest in a hedge fund that was giving away cash to small business owners? This group, year after year, leads the country with the most defaults, delinquencies, and late payments. I received an offer in the mail from someone with excellent bank relationships that can give us a $1M unsecured line of credit to buy real estate. They claim that their company is filled with former attorneys and accountants. Title such as CPAs, J.D.s and such are meaningless in our world. Only two categories matter: Apprentices and Gurus. In the business credit world, attorneys and CPAs have little if any training on the subject and thus their experience is just as limited as the next guy. This is unless of course the CPA or attorney has specialized in business credit and has a roster of clients that they can provide for you. As for banks lending $1M in unsecured funds to a company to buy real estate, I have never seen it work. The nagging question “Why doesn’t this individual just get residential or commercial financing” always comes up and the answers are not so appealing as most are trying to get real estate for flipping purposes or buy for no cash out of their own pocket. My experience shows that most banks are averse to making such loans for companies that don’t have pre- existing relationships or a HUGE business credit file. Even in those situations, banks would require documentation and a business plan. Beware of so-called “stated” programs for companies that require no previous bank relationship. If you are being charged up front for any service, don’t buy into it I have terrible credit. A firm is saying that they can use their bank relationships with the underwriters to get business credit for me if I purchase a shelf company from them. This type of question comes to me regularly. The truth is that banking relationships with brokers mean little and those with underwriters rarely exist. Most underwriters are shielded not only from the general public but also from other bank employees. The reason for this is simple. The banking business is just like any other business in that it’s full of competition and secrets are jealously guarded. Underwriting guidelines from bank to bank are considered highly sensitive material. The only way to get lines of credit from banks if you have bad credit is to find an aggressive bank, be cash flow positive, have a lengthy business credit history, and have a truly working income producing business. Read my Bad Credit Business Credit Guide. CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING Th e G u r u Says... “The path to becoming a Guru is one of patience. Never be led off the path by greed.” I want to be brief in parting ways from you. I have described as best as I can a straight and narrow way of establishing business credit ethically. In doing so, my number one priority was to convey information and enlighten the many would be Apprentices on the market today. If you’re a businessman or businesswoman, I’m sure you can see the value in having an unbiased text such as the one I have provided for the myriad of entrepreneurs and business credit seekers that are often led astray by offers that are not honest. It is with this spirit that I ask you to share the information I have provided wisely and profitably. First, is to become an affiliate of our products from the Business Credit Guru. We provide generous commissions to our partners who help us enlighten others on any one or all six of our products. Please email us to find out more about our affiliate program. Second, one of the best resources I have to my disposal is an army of top lawyers. Despite the money I’ve made as a successful business credit guru and a business financing guru, you’d be surprised to hear how much I pay per month for my legal bills: Less than $30.00. That’s right, not $3,000, but thirty dollars a month. There are no gimmicks and no other hidden costs. To date, I have encouraged all my clients, colleagues and friends to join this service through Pre-Paid Legal. For $26.00/month, you can’t get a better bargain. Plus you get commissions for referring others as well. To register, email us directly at Third, a few close colleagues, and former understudies of The Business Credit Guru, created a seminar about how to purchase foreclosures and other real estate for less than $1000. I was very skeptical at first, but when I saw what they had to promote, I was delighted. Being former financiers, these two individuals have used all of the principles in this book to create an out-of-the-box solution for creating credit and acquiring any type of investment with it. They offer a traveling seminar and a weekly webinar on their unique approach. They even offer to do it for you and will refund your money if they can’t. They’re tag line: “We’re lazy financiers.” And to that I do attest, they are very lazy, but very wealthy. Look them up by clicking here. They called themselves The Unlimited Working Capital Seminar. Finally, there have been numerous times when the needs of a startup are better served through financing rather than credit. The Gallant Group, Ltd (http://www.gallantgrp.com) is THE company for any sort of working capital loans, commercial, residential or business financing. I have seen these guys pull off deals that I didn’t think could get funding. They have almost 10,000 different programs for entrepreneurs in the early or middle stages of growth. The owners have a nice consultative style and I can’t say enough good things about them. Use these guys and use them often! These resources are yours to use. They are provided as some good references that I can personally attest to being your Guru. APPENDIX OF VENDORS Here are the complete names and websites addresses of all the vendors I’ve ever used in creating business credit. I give it all to you here. ABC Building Supply http://www.abcsupply.com/Services.aspx?id=710 Home Depot Supply http://www.homedepot.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ContentView?pn=SV_CC_Commercial_Credit_Main&langId=- 1&storeId=10051&catalogId=10053 United Parcel Service http://www.upscapital.com/solutions/creditcardsvc.html Tiffany and Company http://business.tiffany.com/business/index.asp Radio Shack Biz http://www.radioshack.com/uc/index.jsp?page=researchLibraryArticle&articleUrl=..%2Fgraphics%2Fuc%2Frsk%2FRese archLibrary%2FBuyersGuides%2Fresearch%2Fcredit.html Federal Express https://www.fedex.com/us/OADR/index.html?link=4 Border's Books Corp http://www.bordersstores.com/bbps/welcome.do Kinko's https://www.fedex.com/us/OADR/index.html Interstate Batteries http://www.interstatebatteries.com/estore/business_new2.asp Valero Oil Co http://www.valero.com/OurStores/CreditCards/ Wal-Mart Corporate http://www.walmart.com/catalog/catalog.gsp?cat=435440 JC Penney Biz https://www.onlinecreditcenter2.com/eapplygen2/load.do?cHash=1342177401&subActionId=1000 Exxon-Mobil Business http://www.exxonmobil.co.uk/Norway-English/PA/Policy/NO_P_firmakort.asp CITGO Gas Card http://citi.bridgetrack.com/usc/07/Exp/Citgo/PL/default.htm?BTData=C0210797760617459564946BABEB0AFA19E908 490F1FDF6EBEAC5C2DE13FCB56&BT_TRF=645463&app=UNSOL&sc=QRATNI00&m=N0000975850&DS=p1309 132&ProspectID=8A1361D193964FCC83473CD031A3D31F Staples Biz http://www.staplescentral.com/ Office Max Biz http://www.officemax.com/omax/home/custom.jsp?id=m280004 Shell Corp. Gas Card https://www.citibank.com/us/cards/shell/index.jsp Sam's Club Biz http://www.samsclub.com/shopping/navigate.do?catg=7057 Amazon http://www.amazon.com/Corporate-Accounts/b/ref=gw_br_corpacc/002-9560064- 5360060?%5Fencoding=UTF8&node=600460&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=left-nav- 3&pf_rd_r=1E8RQT91V57TK3BJJ8CP&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=328657701&pf_rd_i=507846 Target http://redcard.target.com/redcard/page.jsp?ref=nav%5Fredcards&contentid=rc%5Fmain Tractor Supply http://www.mytscstore.com/customer_service.asp?pageID=a Office Depot http://www.officedepot.com/renderStaticPage.do?file=/creditcard/creditcard.jsp Dell http://www.dell.com/content/topics/segtopic.aspx/dpa_payment_options?c=us&cs=19&l=en&s=dhs&~ck=anavml Expo Design Center http://www.expo.com/finance.aspx Sunoco Fuel Card http://www.sunocoinc.com/site/Consumer/ApplyforaCreditCard.htm John Deere Credit http://www.deere.com/en_US/jdc/apply_now/index.html?tm=jdcus&link=a_level&location=apply Chevron-Texaco http://www.chevrontexacocards.com/cccard/en/public/cce_home.asp Marathon Fuel http://www.marathonpetroleum.com/credit%5Fcard/ Quicken http://quicken.intuit.com/creditcard.jhtml?lid=site_banner Lowe's http://www.lowes.com/lowes/lkn?action=pg&p=CustServ/cc_tab_commercial.html Wright Express http://www.wrightexpress.com/MasterCard/index.html Capital One http://www.capitalone.com/smallbusiness/cards/index.php?linkid=WWW_1107_SBUS_09_HOME_C1B_02_T_SBCD http://www.capitalone.com/smallbusiness/index.php?linkid=WWW_1107_SBUS_09_HOME_C1B_02_T_SB1 Verizon http://b2b.vzw.com/productsservices/businesscallingplans/?lid=//global//business//business+plans AT&T http://www.wireless.att.com/businesscenter/business-programs/small/programs/exclusively- business.jsp?WT.svl=calltoaction T-Mobile http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/default.aspx?plancategory=21 Sprint together with Nextel http://www.sprint.com/business/?id12=UHPCHP_Link_ShopBusinessSolutions Marriott http://www.marriott.com/specials/default.mi Hilton Hotels http://doubletree.hilton.com/en/dt/promotions/dt_eadvantage/index.jhtml;jsessionid=1QUYAN23LW02KCSGBJBMVCQ ?xch=98358609,10F141000AF6EC3C5E92049F34FDDB48.etc23&adId=eadvantage,mini,30&cid=OM,DT,Eadvantage, Mini Hyatt http://www.hyatt.com/hyatt/specials/index.jsp;jsessionid=UNWUFTS3IZJJFTQSNW2VAFWOCJWYOUP4 La Quinta http://www.lq.com/lq/coolsavings/specialrate/index.jsp Best Western http://www.bestwestern.com/programs/business/index.asp Motel 6 http://www.motel6.com/promotions/ Radisson http://www.radissonsas.com/cs/Satellite?c=Page&cid=1051345091143&language=en&pagename=RadissonSAS%2FPag e%2FrsasSectionFrontpage My Tool Store http://www.mytoolstore.com/busacct.html JDR Micro Computers http://www.jdr.com/premier/ Northwest Builder's Network Inc http://www.nwbuildnet.com/help/credit.html Savoya (Limousine Company) www.savoya.com Carey International (Limousine Company) www.careyint.com Davel (Limousine Company) www.davel.com Oakwood (Corporate Housing) www.oakwood.com Bridgestreet (Corporate Housing) www.bridgestreet.com Empire Limousine (Limousine Company) www.empireint.com Greyhound Bus www.greyhound.com Hewitt Packard HP www.hp.com IBM Computers www.ibm.com Crestwood Suites (Hotel) http://www.crestwoodsuites.com/cwdirbill.p...0Bill%20Account www.credtwoodsuites.com Super Shuttle (Limousine Company) https://www.supershuttle.com/webrez/Update.aspx United States Postal Service www.usps.com Korman Communities (Corporate Housing) www.korman1.com Ballantye Resort (Hotel) http://www.ballantyneresort.com/ Peapod Food Delivery Service www.peapod.com Huntinton Bank (Relocation Direct Bill Service) http://www.huntington.com/pas/HNB1725.htm Rio Pavilion (Hotel) http://www.harrahs.com/our_casinos/rlv/gro...ll_app_form.pdf Billing Direct (affiliate program, like CJ.com) http://www.billingdirect.net/ Sonesta Hotel & Suites http://www.sonesta.com/coconut_grove/page.asp?pageID=10904 ASAP Coach (Limousine Company) http://www.asapcoach.com/opeccount.htm Boston Coach (Limousine Company) http://www.bostoncoach.com/common/resources/account.jsp Air Culnaire (Food Service) http://www.airculinaire.com/ordering.asp Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe http://www.cflr.com/courses/Dir_billing.pdf Hertz http://www.hertztrucks.com/business/bap.pdf Waiter.com (food take out company) http://www.waiter.com/documents/waiter-corp-account-form.pdf AAMCO Transmissions http://www.aamcotransmissions.com/national...ng_options.html Metro Hosting (Web Hosting Provider) http://www.metrohosting.net/new.php?sub=newAccount&plan=gla Jacopos (Pizzeria) http://www.jacopos.com/CorporateAccounts.htm Masters Inn (Hotels) http://www.mastersinn.com/extended_stay.shtml SelectATicket.com http://www.selectaticket.com/CorporateAccounts.asp FTD.com http://www.ftd.com/528/corporate/ 1800-flowers.com http://ww2.1800flowers.com/flowers/corporate/benefits.asp Wilkinson's Flowers http://www.wilkinsonsflowers.com/help.asp Monster (They give net 14 terms) www.monster.com My Coffee Supply http://www.mycoffeesupply.com/corp_login.asp Luggage Pros http://www.luggagepros.com/policies/corporate-sales.shtml Exclusive Tickets http://www.exclusivetickets.com/corporateInfo.cfm Linens n Things http://www.lnt.com/corp/index.jsp?page=cor...2_corpsales_txt Macys http://www1.macys.com/store/corporate/index.jsp?bhcp=1 BladeSmart http://bladesmart.com/bladesmart.com/statp.../corpsales.html HydePark Jewelers http://www.hydeparkjewelers.com/HPSite/dep...application.pdf Franklin Sports http://www.franklinsports.com/fsm/files/cr...application.pdf Cognigen PCs https://www.cognigen-pc.com/main/eaccount/c...pplication.aspx Viracon http://www.viracon.com/corporateCreditApp.html TradeName.com https://www.tradename.com/fees/corpacc.html Fairytale Brownies http://www.brownies.com/Corporate%20Credit%20Application.doc Monte Vista http://www.mvcoop.com/credit/index.asp Sencore http://www.sencore.com/orderinfo/corpopen.htm Amtech http://www.amtechdisc.com/payment.htm Headsets http://www.headsets.com/headsets/credit/cr...pplication.html Bloomingdale's http://www1.bloomingdales.com/about/shopping/corporate.jsp# USA LEGAL FORMS http://www.uslegalforms.com/accountopen.doc Vac Hut Plus, Inc. http://www.vachutplus.com/corpacct.htm Ideal Industries http://www.idealindustries.com/pdf/EndUserSetUpForm.pdf Discount Awards http://www.discountawards.com/CorpAccounts.asp Corporate Express http://www.corporateexpress.com/faq.html Continental Airlines http://www.continental.com/programs/uatp/ Alson's Jewelry http://www.alsonjewelers.com/services.htm Kohls http://www.kohlscorporation.com/GiftCard/GiftCards01.htm Luberman's building http://www.lumbermens-building.com/pdf/con...-credit-app.pdf GETTY GAS http://www.getty.com/gettycardapp.pdf# Thrifty http://www.thrifty.com/images/rx/img2076.pdf JEB Leasing Company http://www.jebleasing.com/apply.html Powell Company http://www.powellcompany.com/customer_credit_application.asp Earthlink Business Services http://www.earthlink.net/biz/majoraccounts/ A-Vidd Electronics http://www.a-vidd.com/pdf/aviddcreditapp.pdf EBC Computers http://www.ebccomputers.com/Documents/netterms.PDF Circuit City Business Sales http://business.circuitcity.com/b2b_landing_page.htm Walgreens http://www.walgreens.com/about/community/g...rds/default.jsp Disney http://disneymeetings.disney.go.com/dwm/in...oupOverviewPage Ingram Micro http://www.ingrammicro.com/ 3M Company http://solutions.3m.com/wps/portal/!ut...VAQA-irWmQ!! Mitsubishi Digital Electronics America http://www.mitsubishi-tv.com/ Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/pna/cont...l?fpSiteId=2076 http://shopping.franklincovey.com/shopping...rt/payment_info Harley Davidson http://www.harley-davidson.com/wcm/Content...sp?locale=en_US Starbucks http://www.starbucks.com/business/bizgifts.asp Bed, Bath & Beyond http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/CorpSales.asp?order_num=-1 REI http://www.rei.com/cgs/?stat=footer_corp_sales DTV City http://www.dtvcity.com/help/corporate.html World Lux http://www.worldlux.com/corporate_sales.html GAP http://www.gapincbusinessdirect.com/index.asp Rose City Software http://www.rosecitysoftware.com/corporate/ Axion Tech http://www.axiontech.com/corp.php Bacario http://www.bacario.com/Corporate.asp Patagonia http://www.patagonia.com/custserv/corporate_sales.shtml Sharper Image http://www.sharperimage.com/corporatesales/ Amherst Technologies http://www.amherst1.com/ Corporate Outfitter http://corporateoutfitter.cabelas.com/ Weems Plath http://www.weems-plath.com/corporate_sales.html Gempler's http://www.gemplers.com/a/pages/corpsales.asp Saab http://www.saabfleet.com/ Staceys http://www.staceys.com/corporatesales.html Samys http://www.samys.com/industrial.php?PHPSES...8f5165a2082651f L.L. Bean http://www.llbean.com/corporateSales/?feat=ln Handago http://www.handango.com/Information.jsp?si...CKey=1_BUSINESS US LUGGAGE http://www.usluggage.com/corpsales.htm Surray Luggage http://www.surrayluggage.com/corporatesales.html Williams-Sonoma http://www.williams-sonomainc.com/bsa/index.cfm APPENDIX OF BANKS Here are the names of major banks and their websites broken down by each state. Alabama AmSouth Bank Bank Independent Bank of Brewton Bank of Pine Hill Bank of Wedowee Barbour County Bank Citizens Bank Colonial Bank Commercial Bank of Ozark Community Bank & Trust Compass Bank Cullman Savings Bank Eva Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank (Centre & Leesburg) First Citizens Bank of Luverne First Commercial Bank First Federal Bank First Federal of the South First Metro Bank First National Bank of Brewton First National Bank of Brundidge First National Bank of Central Alabama First National Bank of Dozier First National Bank of Scottsboro First National Bank of Shelby County First National Bank of Talladega First Southern Bank First Southern National Bank First Tuskegee Bank First United Security Bank Frontier National Bank Headland National Bank Heritage Bank Merchants Bank Monroe County Bank Peoples Bank & Trust Peoples Bank of North Alabama Phenix-Girard Bank Regions Bank Reliance Bank Security Federal Savings Bank South Alabama Bank SouthTrust Bank Union Planters Bank United Bank West Alabama Bank &Trust Alaska Denali State Bank First Bank First Interstate Bank of Alaska Northrim Bank Arkansas Arkansas National Bank Arvest Bank Group Bank of England Bank of Eureka Springs Bank of Fayetteville Bank of Pocahontas Bank of Rogers Bank of the Ozarks Bank of Yellville Citizens Bank & Trust Company Citizens Bank of Batesville Citizens State Bank Commercial National Bank of Texarkana Community Bank Community First Bank Cross County Bank Delta Trust and Bank Elk Horn Bank & Trust Company Farmers Bank & Trust Farmers Bank & Trust Company First Arkansas Bank & Trust First Arkansas Valley Bank First Federal Bank of Arkansas First Arvest Bank First National Bank & Trust Company of Rogers First National Bank & Trust Company of Mountain Home First National Bank in Mena First National Bank of Berryville First National Bank of Crossett First National Bank of Fort Smith First National Bank of Hope First National Bank of Paragould and Jonesboro First National Bank of Paragould and Jonesboro First National Bank of Springdale First Security Bank First Security Bank of Fayetteville First United Bancshares,Inc. First Western Bank & Trust Forrest City Bank Helena National Bank (HNB) McGehee Bank McIlroy Bank & Trust Metropolitan National Bank MidSouth Bank National Bank of Arkansas One Bank & Trust Piggott State Bank Pulaski Bank & Trust Company Simmons First Bank of Searcy Springdale Bank & Trust Superior Federal Bank The Capital Bank The Union Bank Arizona Armed Forces Bank Bank of America Bank of the Southwest Bank One Commerce Bank of Arizona Community First Bankshares, Inc. Compass Bank First International Bank & Trust Marshall & Ilsley Bank (M&I) Mohave State Bank National Bank of Arizona Northern Trust Bank of Arizona Stearns Bank Sunrise Bank of Arizona Valley Commerce Bank Wells Fargo Bank Western Security Bank California Alliance Bank America California Bank Bank of Alameda Bank of Amador Bank of America Bank of Canton of California Bank of Internet USA Bank of Los Altos Bank of Marin Bank of Petaluma Bank of Stockton Bank of the Orient Bank of the Sierra Bank of the West Bank of Visalia Bank of the West Bank of Walnut Creek Bay Area Bank Bay View Bank Borel Bank and Trust Company Borrego Springs Bank Brentwood Bank ofCalifornia Broadway Federal Bank Business Bank of California Butte Community Bank California Bank & Trust California Center Bank California Federal Bank (Cal Fed) Canyon National Bank Capital Corp of the West Cathay Bank Central Sierra Bank Citibank Citizens Bank of Nevada County City National Bank Civic Bank of Commerce Coast Commercial Bank Comerica Bank Community Bank of San Joaquin County Bank Downey Savings Eldorado Bank El Dorado Savings Bank Exchange Bank Fallbrook National Bank Far East National Bank Feather River State Bank Fidelity Federal Bank First Bank of Beverly Hills FirstBank of San Luis Obispo First Community Bank First National Bank of Northern California First National Bank of Olathe First Regional Bank First Republic Bank First Western Bank Foothill Independent Bank Fremont Bank General Bank Goleta National Bank Guaranty Bank Hanmi Bank Heritage Bank East Bay Heritage Bank of Commerce Humboldt Bank Imperial Capital Bank Jackson Federal Bank Kerman State Bank La Jolla Bank Lake Community Bank Liberty Bank Life Bank Los Angeles National Bank Luther Burbank Savings Manufacturers Bank Marathon National Bank Mechanics Bank Merchants Bank of California, N.A. Mid-State Bank Mid Valley Bank Mission Community Bank Montecito Bank & Trust National Bank of California North Valley Bank Pacific Crest Bank Pacific Mercantile Bank Pacific State Bank PFF Bank & Trust PriVest Bank Redlands Centennial Bank Rancho Bank River City Bank Sacramento Commercial Bank San Benito Bank San Diego National Bank San Joaquin Bank Santa Barbara Bank &Trust Santa Lucia Bank Scott Valley Bank Sentinel Community Bank Six Rivers National Bank Southern Pacific Bank Sunwest Bank Tehama Bank Tokai Bank of California Union Bank of California United Commercial Bank Universal Bank US Bank Valley Bank Valley Independent Bank Vineyard National Bank Vintage Bank Visalia Community Bank Wells Fargo Bank Westamerica Bancorporation Western Security Bank Western Sierra Bank Wilshire State Bank Yosemite Bank Colorado 1st Choice Bank Alpine Bank American Bank Bank of Colorado Bank of the San Juans Bank One Cañon National Bank Castle Rock Bank Century Savings & Loan Association Citizens State Bank of Cortez Citywide Banks Colorado Bank and Trust Colorado Business Bank Colorado East Bank & Trust Community Banks of Colorado Eaton Bank First Commerce Bank of Colorado First National Bank First National Bank of Arvada First National Bank of Canon City First National Bank of Durango First National Bank of Lamar First National Bank of Las Animas First National Bank of Longmont First National Bank of Paonia First National Bank of Stratton First State Bank of Hotchkiss Firstate Bank Heritage Bank Home State Bank Liberty Savings Bank North Valley Bank Premier Bank Rocky Mountain Bank and Trust San Luis Valley Federal Bank TCF National Bank Colorado UMB Bank Union Colony Bank Valley Bank & Trust Valley National Bank Vista Bank Weld County Bank Wells Fargo WestStar Bank Young Americans Bank Connecticut American Savings Bank BankBoston Banknorth Connecticut Citibank Cornerstone Bank Dime Savings Bank Fairfield County Savings Bank Farmington Savings Bank First County Bank First International Bank First National Bank of Litchfield First National Bank of Suffield Fleet Bank Guilford Savings Bank Jewett City Savings Bank La Jolla Bank Liberty Bank Litchfield Bancorp Mechanics Savings Bank The Milford Bank National Iron Bank Naugatuck Savings Bank New Haven Savings Bank Newtown Savings Bank North American Bank Nutmeg Federal Saving Bank People's Bank Salisbury Bank & Trust Company Savings Bank of Manchester Savings Bank of Rockville The Simsbury Bank Southington Savings Bank Stafford Savings Bank Thomaston Savings Bank Tolland Bank Torrington Savings Bank Union Savings Bank Webster Bank Westport National Bank Delaware Artisans' Bank Bank of Delmarva Delaware National Bank First Union First USA Bank Mellon Bank PNC Bank Sovereign Bank Wilmington Trust WingspanBank.com Florida American National Bank AmSouth Bank AmTrust Bank Atlantic States Bank BankAtlantic BankFirst Bank of America Bank of Tidewater Bay Bank & Trust Co. Capital City Bank CenterState Bank of Florida Century Bank Citibank Citizens Bank of Oviedo Citizens Community Bank Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Port St. Joe Citrus Bank City National Bank of Florida Clay County Bank Coconut Grove Bank Colonial Bank Columbia County Bank Community Bank of Homestead Community Bank of Naples Community National Bank Community Savings Compass Bank Crown Bank Destin Bank Emerald Coast Bank Englewood Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank First Bradenton Bank First City Bank First Commercial Bank ofTampa First Federal Savings Bank of Florida First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County First Home Bank First International Bank & Trust First National Bank and Trust First National Bank and Trust Company First National Bank of Florida First National Bank of Mount Dora First National Bank of Naples First National Bank of Pasco 1st National Bank of South Florida First Navy Bank First Southern Bank First State Bank First Union Flagship National Bank Florida Bank of Commerce Florida Choice Bank Grand Bank of Florida Gulf State Community Bank Gulfstream Business Bank Hamilton Bank Harbor Federal Savings Bank Horizon Bank, FSB Huntington Independent National Bank Interamerican Bank Intercredit Bank International Finance Bank Liberty National Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mackinac Savings Bank F.S.B. Madison Bank Marine National Bank Monticello Bank Northern Trust Bank of Florida Ocala National Bank Ocean Bank Oceanside Bank Pacific National Bank Peoples Bank Peoples First Perkins State Bank Pointe Bank Premier Bank Raymond James Bank, FSB Regions Bank Republic Bank Republic Security Bank Signature Bank Skylake State Bank Sofisa Bank of Florida Southeastern Bank Southern Commerce Bank Southern Community Bank Southern Exchange Bank Southern Security Bank SouthTrust Bank SunTrust Banks Inc. The Terrace Bank TIB Bank of the Keys TransAtlantic Bank UniBank United Bank United Southern Bank Valrico State Bank Village Banc of Naples VirtualBank Warrington Bank Washington Mutual West Coast Guaranty Bank Georgia Adel Banking Company AmSouth Bank Georgia Atlantic States Bank Bank of America Bank of Dade Bank of Eastman Bank of Hiawassee Bank of Hiawassee Bank of LaFayette Bank of Perry Bank of Toccoa Bank of Upson Blackshear Bank Bryan Bank & Trust Buckhead Community Bank Cherokee Bank Chestatee State Bank Citizens Bank of Washington County Citizens Trust Bank, Atlanta Columbus Bank & Trust Company Community First Bank Community Trust Bank Darby Bank & Trust Co. Decatur First Bank Douglas County Bank Douglas Federal Bank Eagle Bank and Trust Embry National Bank Exchange Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank/Dublin The Farmers Bank First Capital Bank First Community Bank of Southwest Georgia First Georgia Community Bank First National Bank and Trust First National Bank of Alma First National Bank of Camden County First National Bank of Griffin First National Bank of Polk County First National Bank of Scottsboro First National Bank of the Internet First Nation Bank First Peoples Bank First Union Firstate Bank Flag Bank Gateway Bank & Trust Georgia Bank Trust Company of Augusta Georgia State Bank Greater Rome Bank Habersham Bancorp Lumpkin County Bank Morris State Bank, Dublin NetBank Northwest Georgia Bank Oconee State Bank Park Avenue Bank Patterson Bank Pelham Banking Company Peoples Bank Pinnacle Bank Premier National Bank of Dalton PrimeSouth Bank Quantum National Bank Regions Bank Rockdale National Bank SouthTrust Bank Spivey State Bank Summit National Bank SunTrust Banks, Inc. Synovus Financial Corp. The National Bank of Georgia Thomasville National Bank Tucker Federal Bank Union County Bank United Bank Wachovia Bank West Central Georgia Bank West Georgia National Bank Hawaii American Savings Bank Bank of Hawaii Central Pacific Bank City Bank First Hawaiian Bank Iowa Amcore Bank American State Bank American Trust & Savings Bank Bank Midwest Bank of America Bankers Trust BankIowa Bennett State Bank Boone Bank & Trust Co. Burlington Bank and Trust Carroll County State Bank Central State Bank of Muscatine Central Valley Bank Citizens Bank Citizens Bank Citizens First National Bank Citizens Savings Bank Citizens State Bank City State Bank City State Bank (Central City) Clear Lake Bank & Trust Clinton National Bank Community Bank Community First Bank Community First National Bank ofDecorah Community Savings Bank Community Savings Bank Community State Bank Community State Bank Cresco Union Savings Bank DeWitt Bank & Trust Co. Dubuque Bank & Trust Earlham Savings Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank Exchange State Bank, Ames F & M Bank Farmers Savings Bank Farmers State Bank Farmers Trust & Savings Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines First Central State First Citizens NationalBank First Community Bank First Federal Bank First Federal Savings Bank of Iowa First Federal Savings Bank of Twin Falls First National Bank of Ames First National Bank ofCedar Falls First National Bank of Farragut and Shenandoah First National Bank of Hampton First National Bank of LeMars First National Bank ofMuscatine First National Bank of Sioux Center First National Bank of Waverly First Security Bank &Trust First State Bank First Trust & Savings Bank Fort Madison Bank and Trust Company Fortress Bank Green Belt Bank & Trust Grundy National Bank Guaranty Bank & Trust Company Guthrie County State Bank Hampton State Bank Hancock County Bank &Trust Hardin County Savings Bank Heartland Bank Hills Bank and Trust Company Home State Bank Houghton State Bank Iowa Savings Bank Iowa State Bank Iowa State Bank & TrustCo. Iowa State Savings Bank Iowa Trust & Savings Bank Keokuk Savings Bank &Trust Company Kerndt Brothers Savings Bank Keystone Savings Bank Le Mars Bank & Trust Company Lincoln Savings Bank Mahaska State Bank Manufacturers Bank &Trust Company Maquoketa State Bank Marion County State Bank Mercantile Bank Midwest Federal Savings Midwest Heritage Bank Northwest Bank & Trust Company Bank Northwest Federal Savings Bank Northwoods State Bank Norwalk-Cumming State Bank Norwest Online Okey Vernon First NationalBank Onward Bank Bancshares Page County State Bank Panora State Bank Pella State Bank Peoples National Bank Peoples State Bank Peoples Trust & Savings Bank Pioneer Bank Poweshiek Bank Premier Bank of Dubuque Principal Bank Randall-Story State Bank Sanborn Savings Bank Security Bank & Trust Company Security Savings Bank Security National Bank Security State Bank Security State Bank (Anamosa - Cascade - Monticello) Shelby County State Bank State Bank & Trust State Bank of Waverly State Central Bank Tama State Bank The State Bank Tri-County Bank & Trust Union Bank & Trust Company Union Planters Bank United Bank of Iowa United Community Bank Washington Federal Savings Bank Washington State Bank Wayland State Bank Webster City Federal Savings Bank Idaho Bank of Pullman Bank of the West D.L. Evans Bank Farmers & Merchants State Bank Farmers National Bank First Federal Savings Bank Home Federal Savings Idaho Banking Company Lewiston State Bank Panhandle State Bank Pend Oreille Bank U.S. Bank Washington Mutual Bank Idaho Illinois A. J. Smith Federal Savings Bank Alpha Community Bank Alpine Bank of Illinois Amalgamated Bank of Chicago Amcore Bank Armed Forces Bank Associated Bank Bank & Trust Company Bank Champaign Bank of Herrin Bank of Illinois Bank of Pontiac The Bank of Marion Bank One BankPlus Belvidere Bank Black Hawk State Bank Bluestem National Bank Bradford National Bank Busey Bank Cambridge Bank Capstone Bank Central Trust & Savings Bank Charter National Bank Chesterfield Federal Savings & Loan Citibank Citizens First National Bank Citizens National Bank of Macomb Cole Taylor Bank Columbia National Community Bank of Joliet Corus Bank Cosmopolitan Bank and Trust CoVest Banc Devon Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank Edens Bank The Edgar County Bank & Trust Co. Effingham State Bank Elgin Financial Savings Bank Elgin State Bank Exchange State Bank of Lanark Fairfield Savings Bank The Farmers Bank of Liberty Farmers State Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago First American Bank First Bank, Carmi First Bank of Highland Park First Bank of Oak Park First Bankers Trust Company First Capital Bank First Community Bank and Trust First Federal Savings Bankof Champaign-Urbana First Mid-Illinois Bank & Trust First Midwest Bank First National Bank-Employee Owned First National Bank &Trust Company, Carbondale First National Bank & Trust Company, Clinton First National Bank in Pinckneyville First National Bank of Brookfield First National Bank of Decatur First National Bank of Joliet First National Bank of La Grange First National Bank of Marengo First National Bank of Raymond First National Bank ofRochelle First National Bank of Steeleville First National Bank of Sullivan First National Bank of Waterloo First Robinson Savings Bank First State Bank First State Bank ofBeardstown Fisher National Bank Flora Bank & Trust Forest Park National Bankand Trust Company Foster Bank Galena State Bank Grand National Bank Hardware State Bank Harris Bank Havana National Bank Heartland Bank and Trust Henry State Bank Heritage Bank of Central IL Herrin Security Bank Illini State Bank Illinois National Bank Interstate Bank Itasca Bank & Trust Co. Lake in the Hills Bank Lakeland Community Bank LaSalle National Bank Liberty Bank for Savings Lincoln Park Savings Bank Lincoln State Bank Marine Trust Company(Marine Bank) Mazon State Bank Mercantile Trust & Savings Bank Merchants Bank MidAmerica Bank Mid Town Bank Midwest Bank and Trust Company Morton Community Bank Murphy Wall State Bank National Bank National City Bank New Century Bank North Community Bank North Federal Savings Bank North Shore Trust Bank Northern Trust Northview Bank & Trust Oak Brook Bank Old Second Bank Oswego Community Bank Oxford Bank & Trust Park National Bank Peoples State Bank of Newton Peru Federal Savings Bank Pontiac National Bank Prairie State Bank & Trust Pullman Bank Rantoul First Bank Regency Bank Riverside Community Bank Royal American Bank Sauk Valley Bank & Trust Co. Second Federal Savings of Chicago Security Bank Security Savings Bank Security State Bank of Hamilton South Holland Trust & Savings Bank South Pointe Bank South Shore Bank South Side Trust & Savings Bank Soy Capital Bank St. Paul Federal Bank Standard Bank and Trust Co. State Bank of Augusta State Bank of Niantic State Bank of The Lakes State Bank of Waterloo Stillman BancCorp, N.A. Suburban Bank & Trust Co. Success National Bank Tempo Bank The Bank of Edwardsville Tremont First National Union Savings Bank United Community Bank University National Bank Warren-Boynton State Bank Waukegan Savings and Loan, SB West Pointe Bank and Trust Company West Suburban Bank Williamsville State Bank & Trust Indiana American Savings FSB Bank One Centier Bank Citizens First State Bank FCN Bank Farmers State Bank Fifth Third Bank First Bank Richmond First Farmers Bank & Trust First Federal Savings Bank First Indiana Bank First Internet Bank First Merchants Bank First National Bank & Trust First National Bank of Portland First National Bank of Valparaiso First Source Bank First United Bank Firstar Grabill Bank HomeBank SB Indiana Trust Company Irwin Union Bank Jackson County Bank Key Bank Lafayette Bank & Trust Lafayette Savings Bank LaSalle Bank Lincoln Federal Savings Bank MarkleBank MetroBank MFB Financial Monroe Bank Mutual Federal Savings Bank National City Bank Old National Bank Owen Community Bank Owen County State Bank Pacesetter Bank Peoples State Bank People's Trust Company Randolph County Bank Regional Bank Salin Bank & Trust Company Spencer County Bank Springs Valley Bank & Trust Company STAR Financial Bank State Bank of Oxford Terre Haute Savings Bank The Friendship State Bank Union County National Bank Union Federal Savings Bank Union Planters Bank United Fidelity Bank Kansas Armed Forces Bank Capital City Bank Capitol Federal Savings Central National Bank Citizens Bank of Kansas Citizens National Bank of Kansas Citizens Savings & Loan Association, FSB Columbian Bank & Trust Company Commerce Bank and Trust Community National Bank Topeka Country Club Bank Douglas County Bank Emporia State Bank and Trust Company Farmers & Merchants Bank of Colby Farmers State Bank of Oakley Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka Fidelity Bank Fidelity State Bank & Trust Company First National Bank (Goodland) First National Bank (Hays) First National Bank & Trust of St. John First National Bank of Kansas First National Bank of Olathe First Security Bank of Norton First State Bank and Trust Company Fort Riley National Bank Grant County Bank Home National Bank Intrust Bank Kansas State Bank State Bank of Ottawa/Baldwin City Kaw Valley State Bank Lyons Federal Savings MidAmerican Bank Mutual Savings Association New Farmers National Bank Ottawa County Bank Peoples Bank Peoples Bank & Trust Security State Bank St. John National Bank Sunflower Bank Union State Bank University National Bank Valley State Bank Kentucky Bank of Jamestown Bank of McCreary County Bank One Berea National Bank Bowling Green Bank &Trust Citizens National Bank& Trust Citizens Union Bank Cumberland Security Bank Farmers Bank and TrustCompany Farmers National Bank First Capital Bank ofKentucky First City Bank & Trust First National Bank of Manchester Heritage Community Bank Home Federal Bank Independence Bank Kentucky Bank Louisville Community Development Bank Monticello Banking Company Owensboro National Bank Paducah Bank Peoples Bank of Northern Kentucky Republic Bank & TrustCompany Shelby County Trust Bank South Central Bank ofBarren County Southern Deposit Bank Springfield State Bank Star Bank The Bank - Oldham County The Bankers' Bank Union Planters Bank US Access Bank Louisiana Bank of Erath Bank of Louisiana Bank of Montgomery Bank of West Baton Rouge Bank One Cameron State Bank Citizens Bank & Trust Citizens National Bank City Bank & TrustCompany Exchange Bank & Trust Company Fifth District Savings & Loan Association Guaranty Savings and Homestead Association Gulf Coast Bank & Trust Company Hibernia National Bank Iberia Bank Iberville Bank Liberty Bank Merchants and Farmers Bank & Trust Company Metaire Bank & Trust MidSouth National Bank Mutual Savings & Loan Parish National Bank Progressive Bank Rayne State Bank Red River Bank Ruston Building and Loan Association Security First National Bank Teche Federal Savings Bank Massachusetts Asian American Bank & Trust Company Auburndale Co-operative Bank Bank Boston Bank of Fall River Banknorth Massachusetts Bank of Western Massachusetts Bay State Federal Bank Benjamin Franklin Savings Bank Beverly National Bank Boston Private Bank & Trust Company Brookline Savings Bank Cambridge Savings Bank Cambridgeport Bank Canton Co-operative Bank Cape Cod Bank and Trust Company Cape Cod Cooperative Bank Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Capital Crossing Bank Central Cooperative Bank Century Bank Charter Bank Chicopee Savings Bank Citizens Bank Citizens-Union Savings Bank Clinton Savings Bank Community Bank Community National Bank Compass Bank Country Bank Danvers Savings Bank Dean Bank Dedham Savings East Boston Savings Bank Eastern Bank Easton Cooperative Bank Enterprise Bank & Trust Company Everett Co-operative Bank Falmouth Co-operative Bank First Essex Bank FirstFed America BankCorp Inc. Flagship Bank Fleet Bank Gloucester Cooperative Bank Greenfield Savings Bank Haverhill Cooperative Bank Hingham Institution for Savings Hudson Savings Bank Hyde Park Savings Bank Investors Bank & Trust Company Ipswich Co-operative Bank IpswichBank Lee Bank Lenox Savings Bank Lowell Co-operative Bank Milford Federal Savings & Loan Assn Mansfield Co-operative Bank Marblehead Savings Bank Marlborough Co-Operative Bank Middlesex Savings Bank Milford National Bank & Trust Company Monson Savings Bank Natick Federal Savings Bank Nantucket Bank Newburyport Five Cents Savings Bank North Brookfield Savings Bank Northern Bank and Trust Company Northampton Cooperative Bank Peoples Federal Savings Bank People's Savings Bank Plymouth Savings Bank Revere Federal Savings Rockland Trust Roxbury Highland Bank of Jamaica Plain Salem Five Cents Savings Bank Saugus Co-operative Bank Scituate Federal Savings South Shore Savings Bank State Street Bank Stoneham Co-operative Bank Stoneham Savings Bank The Cooperative Bank The Pittsfield Cooperative Bank United Cooperative Bank Wainwright Bank & Trust Company Warren Bank Watertown Savings Bank Webster Five Cents Savings Bank Wellesley Co-operative Bank Westborough Savings Bank Williamstown Savings Bank Woronoco Savings Bank Maryland 1st Mariner Bank Allfirst Bank American Bank Baltimore County Savings Bank Baltimore Trust Bank of Delmarva Bank of Glen Burnie Bank of Southern Maryland Bay National Bank Bay-Vanguard Federal Savings Bank Bradford Federal Savings Bank Calvert Bank Calvin B. Taylor Bank Carrollton Bank Cecil Federal Savings Bank Centreville National Bank of Maryland Chesapeake Bank of Maryland Chestertown Bank Chevy Chase Bank Columbia Bank Community Bank of Tri-County County Bank County First Bank Eastern Savings Bank Enterprise Federal Savings Bank Equitable Federal Savings Bank F & M Bank - Allegiance Farmers & Mechanics National Bank Farmers and Merchants Bank & Trust FCNB Bank Fidelity Bank First Shore Federal S & L Assn First Virginia Bank Forest Hill Bank Hagerstown Trust Hebron Savings Bank Home Federal Savings Bank Homewood Federal Savings Bank Industrial Bank Key Bank and Trust Leeds Federal Savings Bank Madison & Bradford Federal S & L Assn Maryland Bank and Trust Company Mercantile Bankshares Corporation NBRS Financial OBA Bank Patapsco Bank Peoples Bank Peoples Bank of Elkton Presidential Savings Bank Provident Bank of Maryland Provident State Bank Regal Bank Sandy Spring National Bank Sequoia Bank Severn Savings Bank Sparks Bank St. Michaels Bank Suburban Federal Savings Bank Talbot Bank Union National Bank Washington Savings Bank Westminster Bank Wyman Park Federal S & L Assn Maine BankBoston Bar Harbor Banking &Trust Company Bath Savings Institution Biddeford Savings Bank Border Trust Company Camden National Bank First Citizens Bank First National Bankof Bar Harbor First National Bankof Damariscotta Fleet Bank Franklin Savings Bank Katahdin Trust Company Kennebec Savings Bank Kennebunk Savings Bank KeyBank Machias Savings Bank MBNA America Bank Mechanics SavingsBank Merrill MerchantsBank Ocean National Bank Peoples, a Div. of Banknorth, N.A. Pepperell Trust Company Union Trust Company United Kingfield Bank Michigan 1st Source Bank Alden State Bank Alliance Banking Company Bank of Ann Arbor Bank One Bay Bank Byron Bank Capitol Bancorp Limited Century Bank and Trust Charlevoix State Bank Charter Bank Chelsea State Bank Chemical Bank ChoiceOne Bank Citizens Bank Comerica Bank County National Bank Crestmark Bank Empire National Bank Farmers State Bank First Independence National Bank of Detroit First National Bank of America Farmers State Bank of Munith First National Bank (Iron Mountain & Kingsford) First National Bank of Gaylord First National Bank of Negaunee First National Bank of Three Rivers First State Bank of EastDetroit Flagstar Bank Founders Trust Personal Bank Franklin Bank Grand Bank Hastings City Bank Honor State Bank Huntington National Bank Isabella Bank & Trust Kalamazoo County State Bank LaSalle Bank Marshall Savings Bank Metrobank National City Northern Michigan Bank Oxford Bank Peoples State Bank Republic Bancorp - Republic Bank Shelby State Bank Shoreline Bank Standard Federal Bank Sterling Bank & Trust Sturgis Bank & Trust Company The State Bank United Bank & Trust United Bank of Michigan University Bank Wolverine Bank Minnesota Atwater State Bank Bank of Elk River CenBank Cenex Finance Association Central Bank Community Bank Group Community National Bank Eastwood Bank Excel Bank Farmers State Bank of Madelia First Farmers & Merchants National Bank First Federal Bank First Integrity Bank First National Bank and Trust of Pipestone First National Bank of ElkRiver First National Bank of St.Peter First National Bank of Walker First State Bank of Bayport First State Bank of Rosemount First State Bank of Wyoming Fortress Bank Goodhue County National Bank Grand Rapids State Bank Heritage Bank Lake Area Bank Lakes State Bank Liberty Savings Bank Liberty State Bank Midway National Bank of St. Paul National City Bank of Minneapolis Nicollet County Bank Norwest Corporation North Shore Bank of Commerce Pine River State Bank Premier Banks Prior Lake State Bank Queen City Federal Savings Bank Red River State Bank Republic Bank Saint Anthony Park Bank Security State Bank of Maple Lake Security State Bank of Mankato Stearns Bank Sterling State Bank U. S. Bank Wells Federal Bank Western Bank Winona National and Savings Bank Missouri Allegiant Bank Bank of Belton Bank of Jacomo Bank of Kirksville Bank of Monticello Bank of Versailles Bank of Washington Bannister Bank & Trust Boone County National Bank Callaway Bank Cass Commercial Bank CBC Bank Central Bank (Jefferson City) Central Bank (Lebanon-Conway) Central Bank of Lake of the Ozarks Century Bank of the Ozarks Commerce Bank Community State Bank Concordia Bank Country Club Bank Empire Bank Exchange Bank Farmers and Merchants Bank of St. Clair Farmers and Merchants Bankof Hale First Federal Bank First National Bank First National Bank and Trust Company First National Bank of Missouri First National Bank of St. Louis Heartland Bank Heritage Bank of St. Joseph Jefferson Bank of Missouri Kearney Commercial Bank Kearney Trust Company Liberty Bank Liberty Savings Bank F.S.B. Bank Midwest Independent Bank Neosho Savings and Loan Association O'Bannon Bank Ozark Bank Ozark Mountain Bank Peoples Bank Premier Bank Pulaski Bank Ripley County State Bank St. John's Bank and Trust Stone County National Bank The Bank of Salem Third National Bank of Sedalia UMB Bank Union State Bank Mississippi Bancorp South Bank of Commerce Bank of Holly Springs Bank of Winona Bank of Yazoo City Britton & Koontz First National Bank Carthage Bank Century Bank Citizens Bank of Philadelphia Cleveland State Bank Copiah Bank First Bank First National Bank of Clarksdale First National Bank of Picayune First National Bank of South Mississippi First Security Bank Bank of Franklin First State Bank Hancock Bank Lamar Bank Merchants & Farmers Bank (Kosciusko) Bank First Financial Services Merchants & Marine Bank National Commerce Bancorporation Planters Bank and Trust Company SouthTrust Bank Trustmark National Montana American Bank Montana American Federal Savings Bank Big Sky Western Bank Citizens State Bank First Citizens Bank First Interstate Bank First Security Bank Glacier Bank Heritage Bank of Kalispell Manhattan Bank Pioneer Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Ravalli County Bank Rocky Mountain Bank Ronan State Bank State Bank & Trust Company Stockman Bank Western Bank of Wolf Point Western Security Bank Yellowstone Bank North Carolina Anson Bank & Trust Ashe Federal Bank Bank of America Bank of Granite Bank of Oakridge Bank of Stanly BB&T Cabarrus Bank & Trust Cardinal State Bank Central Carolina Bank Centura Bank Coastal Federal Cooperative Bank Fidelity Bank First BanCorp First Charter First Citizens Bank First Commerce Bank First Community Bank First National Bank and Trust Company First Trust MortgageCorporation First Union Bank Lexington State Bank (LSB) Lincoln Bank Macon Bank Mechanics and Farmers Bank NationsBank NBC Bank North Carolina Trust Piedmont Bank Roanoke Rapids Savings Bank SouthTrust Bank The Community Bank Triangle Bank Wachovia Bank North Dakota American Federal Bank American State Bank and Trust Company American State Bank and Trust of Dickinson Bank Center First Citizens State Bank - Midwest Community First Bankshares, Inc. Community National Bank of Grand Forks Dacotah Bank Drayton State Bank First International Bank & Trust First Southwest Bank First State Bank (Buxton, Grand Forks, Thompson) First State Bank of NorthDakota Peoples State Bank of Westhope The First and Farmers Bank Union State Bank Fargo United Community Bank of North Dakota Union State Bank Fargo United Community Bank of North Dakota Nebraska Adams Bank & Trust Cass County Bank Citizens National Bank of Wisner City National Bank (Greeley) City National Bank & Trust (Hastings) Commercial Federal Bank Cornhusker Bank Enterprise Bank Farm Credit Services of America Farmer's Bank & Trust Co. First Bank & Trust Company (Cozad) First National Bank First National Bank of Holdrege First National Bank of Minden First National Bank of Valentine First National Beatrice Bank & Trust Company First Nebraska Bank Fort Calhoun State Bank Fremont National Bank & Trust Company Great Western Bank Jones National Bank & Trust Company McCook National Bank National Bank of Commerce Omaha State Bank Pender State Bank Platte Valley State Bank & Trust Company Plattsmouth State Bank Sidney Federal Savings & Loan Assn. State Bank of Hildreth State Bank of Odell The Cattle National Bank of Seward Two Rivers State Bank Union Bank & Trust Company United Nebraska Bank Western Nebraska National Bank United Nebraska Bank New Hampshire Bow Mills Bank and Trust Centrix Bank & Trust Connecticut River Bank,N.A. Federal Savings Bank - Dover First Signature Bank & Trust Fleet Bank Franklin Savings Bank Granite Bank Laconia Savings Bank Lake Sunapee Bank Ledyard National Bank Mascoma Savings Bank Meredith Village Savings Bank Pemigewasset National Bank Piscataqua Savings Bank Profile Bank, F.S.B. St. Mary's Bank Savings Bank of Walpole Woodsville Guaranty Savings Bank Savings Bank of Walpole Woodsville Guaranty Savings Bank New Jersey Amboy National Bank American Savings Bank of NJ Bergen Commercial Bank Boardwalk Bank Boiling Springs Savings Bank Bridge View Bank Cape Savings Bank City National Bank Clifton Savings Bank Columbia Savings Bank Community Bank of Bergen County Commerce Bank Crest Savings Bank Crown Bank Delanco Federal Savings Bank Equity Bank First Savings Bank of Little Falls First Savings Bank (Woodbridge) First Union Franklin Savings Bank Freehold Savings & Loan Association Great Falls Bank Greater Community Bancorp Harvest Community Bank Hudson City Savings Bank Kearny Federal Savings Bank Lakeland Bank Magyar Bank Manasquan Savings Bank Metropolitan State Bank Millington Savings Bank NJM Bank NVE Savings Bank Ocean First Bank Provident Savings Bank Pulaski Savings Bank Rahway Savings Institution Rock Community Bank Roma Federal Savings Bank SI Bank & Trust Skylands Community Bank Sovereign Bank Spencer Savings Bank Sturdy Savings Bank Sun National Bank Synergy Bank The Bank of Gloucester County The Towne Center Bank Trust Company Bank Union Center National Bank United National Bank Valley National Bank Woodstown National Bank and Trust Company Yardville National Bank New Mexico AccessBank Bank of New Mexico Bank of the Rio Grande Carlsbad National Bank Centinel Bank of Taos Century Bank Citizens Bank of Clovis Citizens Bank of Las Cruces First National Bank of Santa Fe Los Alamos National Bank Mountain Community Bank New Mexico Bank & Trust Peoples Bank of Taos Union Savings Bank Union Savings Bank Western Commerce Bank New York Adirondack Trust Company Astoria Federal Savings Atlas Savings & Loan Association Ballston Spa National Bank Banco do Brasil Bank Audi USA Bank of New York Bridgehampton National Bank Broadway National Bank Brooklyn Federal Savings Bank Brown Brothers Harriman& Company BSB Bank & Trust Canandaigua National Bankand Trust Company Carver Federal Savings Bank Cattaraugus County Bank Central National Bank CFS Bank Chase Manhattan Bank Citibank Cohoes Savings Bank Commercial Bank of New York Commerzbank Cross County Federal Savings Bank Dime Savings Bank of Williamsburgh Elmira Savings & Loan Financial Federal Savings First National Bank of Dryden First National Bank of Jeffersonville First National Bank of Northern New York First National Bank of Scotia First Tier Bank & Trust Flatbush Federal Savings and Loan Association Fleet Bank Flushing Savings Bank Geddes Federal Savings & Loan Association Great Eastern Bank Highland Falls Federal Savings HSBC Bank USA Hudson River Bank &Trust Co. Independence Community Bank Israel Discount Bank of NewYork Jamaica Savings Bank, FSB Lake Shore Savings LBS Bank Long Island Commercial Bank M &T Bank Marine Midland Bank Maspeth Federal Savings Monaco Bank of Trade Inc. MTB Bank National Bank of Geneva National Bank of Stamford NBT Bank, NA North Country Savings Bank North Fork Bank Orange County Trust Company Oswego County Savings Bank Pavilion State Bank Pioneer Savings Bank Ponce de Leon Federal Savings Bank Provident Bank Queens County Savings Bank Reliance Bancorp, Inc. Republic National Bank of New York Richmond County Savings Bank Ridgewood Savings Bank Rondout Savings Bank Roslyn Savings Bank SBU Bank SI Bank & Trust Skaneateles Savings Bank Sound Federal Savings and Loan Association Standard Chartered State Bank of India State Bank of Long Island Sterling National Bank Steuben Trust Company Stissing National Bank Suffolk County National Bank Tioga State Bank Tompkins County Trust Company Troy Savings Bank Ulster Savings Bank Union State Bank Wallkill Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association Warwick Savings Bank Wilber National Bank Wyoming County Bank Yonkers Savings and Loan Association Nevada Bank of America Bank of the West Citibank Community Bank of Nevada First Independent Bank of Nevada First National Bank of Nevada Nevada State Bank Silver State Bank Sun West Bank U.S. Bank Valley Bank Ohio Advance Financial Savings Bank American National Bank Apple Creek Banking Co. Bank One Belmont National Bank Champaign National Bank andTrust Charter One Bank Chippewa Valley Bank Sky Bank Sky Bank Citizens Banking Company (Sandusky) Citizens Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Citizens National Bank Citizens Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Citizens National Bank (Urbana) Commercial Bank Consumers National Bank Cornerstone Bank Dollar Bank, FSB Fairfield Federal Savings& Loan Fairfield National Bank Farmers and Savings Bank Farmers National Bank Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati Fifth Third Bank First Community Bank First Federal (Defiance) First Federal Savings and Loan Association (Van Wert) First Federal Savings Bank of Ironton First-Knox National Bank First Merit First National Bank of Germantown Fort Jennings State Bank Franklin Savings Greenville Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Guernsey Bank Heartland Bank Hicksville Building, Loan& Savings Bank Home Savings & Loan Huntington Banks Kenwood Savings Bank Key Bank Liberty National Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mercantile Savings Bank Mercer Savings Bank Metropolitan National Bank of Youngstown Monitor Bank National City Monroe Federal Savings & Loan Assn. NCB Savings Bank, FSB North Akron Savings Bank Northern Savings & Loan Company Ohio Savings Bank Park National Bank Peoples Federal Savings and Loan Association of Massillon Peoples Savings & Loan, West Liberty Provident Second National Bank (Greenville) Second National Bank (Warren) Sky Bank Sky Financial Group Star Bank Sycamore National Bank The Hicksville Bank The Richwood Banking Company Twin Valley Bank Union Bank Company United Bank United Midwest Savings Bank U. S. Bank Valley Savings Bank Wayne County National Bank Wayne Savings Community Bank WesBanco Oklahoma American Bank & Trust American Heritage Bank American National Bank (Ardmore) Americrest Bank Arkansas Valley State Bank (Broken Arrow) Arvest American NationalBank Arvest Bank Arvest State Bank BancFirst Bank of the Panhandle Bank of Oklahoma Bank One Canadian State Bank Central National Bank of Alva Citizens Bank & Trust Company (Ardmore) Citizens Bank of Ada City National Bank & Trust Oklahoma Coppermark Bank Exchange Bank and Trust Company F & M Bank, N.A. F&M Bank & Trust Company First Bank First Bank & Trust Company (Duncan) First Bank & Trust Company (Perry) First Bethany Bank &Trust First Farmers National Bank First Fidelity Bank First National Bank & Trust Company (Ada) First National Bank & Trust Company (Ardmore) First National Bank andTrust Company in Clinton First National Bank and Trust Co. of Weatherford First National Bank (Altus) First National Bank in Durant First National Bank of Midwest City First National Bank of Nowata First National Bank of Okmulgee First Pryority Bank First United Bank Grand Lake Bank Lincoln National Bank Mid First Bank National Bank of Commerce NBC Bank Oklahoma State Bank Payne County Bank Pioneer Bank and Trust Quail Creek Bank RCB Bank Republic Bank of Norman Security National Bank& Trust Shamrock Bancshares Southwestern Bank &Trust Company Spirit Bank Stillwater National Bank and Trust Company Sulphur Community Bank Superior Federal Bank The Stock Exchange Bank UMB Bank United Bank of Del City WestStar Bank Oregon Bank of America Bank of the Cascades Bank of the West Community First Bank Evergreen Federal First Consumers National Bank Inland Empire Bank Lincoln Security Bank Oregon Pacific Banking Company Pacific Continental Bank Pacific State Bank Security Bank Holding Company US Bank West Coast Bankcorp Pennsylvania 1st Main Line Bank 1st Summit Bank Abington Bank Allegheny Valley Bank Allfirst Bank American Bank Apollo Trust Company Atlantic Central Bankers Bank Bank of Hanover and Trust Company Bank of Lancaster County BankPittsburgh Beneficial Savings Bank Blue Ball National Bank Bucktail Bank & Trust Company Charleroi Federal Savings Bank Central Pennsylvania Bank Century National Bank & Trust Company Chestnut Hill National Bank Citizens & Northern Bank Citizens National Bank of Evans City Citizens National Bank ofSouthern Pennsylvania Commercial National Bank of Pennsylvania Commonwealth Bank Community Bank CoreStates Bank County National Bank Dollar Bank Downington National Bank Eagle National Bank East Stroudsburg Savings Association Elverson National Bank Ephrata National Bank Eureka Bank Farmers First Bank Fidelity Bank Fidelity Deposit & Discount Bank First Capitol Bank First Citizens National Bank First Commonwealth Bank First CommonwealthFinancial Corporation First County Bank First Federal Bank First Federal of BucksCounty First Keystone FederalSavings Bank First National Bank & Trust Company of Newton First National Bank ofBerwick First National Bank of Greencastle First National Bank of Herminie First National Bank of Leesport First National Bank of Mercersburg First National Bank of Port Allegany First National Community Bank First National Trust Bank FirstService Bank First Star Savings Bank First Union Firstrust Bank FNB Bank, N.A. Founders' Bank Fulton Bank Fulton Financial Corporation Gratz National Bank Great American Federal Great Valley Bank Harleysville National Bankand Trust Company Harris Savings Bank Honesdale National Bank Bank Investment Savings Bank Jim Thorpe National Bank Keystone Financial Keystone Savings Bank LA Bank Lafayette Ambassador Bank Laurel Savings Bank Laurel Bank Lebanon Valley Farmers Bank Legacy Bank Luzerne National Bank Mellon Bank Mercer County State Bank Merchants Bank of Pennsylvania Merchants National Bank of Bangor Merchants National Bank of Kittanning Mifflinburg Bank & Trust Muncy Bank & TrustCompany National Bank of the North East National Penn Bank Nazareth National Bank Northumberland National Bank Omega Financial Corporation Parkvale Bank Patriot Bank Pennsylvania Business Bank Pennsylvania Capital Bank Pennsylvania State Bank Pennview Savings Bank Peoples State Bank Pioneer American Bank, N.A. PNC Bank Premier Bank Prestige Bank Promistar Bank PSB - Peoples State Bank Quakertown National Bank Scottdale Bank &: Trust Co. Somerset Trust Company Southwest Bank Sovereign Bank Standard Bank, PaSB Susquehanna Bancshares Bank Swineford National Bank Third Federal Savings Bank Turbotville National Bank Union National Bank United Bank of Philadelphia Vartan National Bank Wayne Bank Williamsport National Bank WingspanBank.com Woodlands Bank Rhode Island Bank Boston Bank of Newport Domestic Bank Fleet Bank Milford Federal Savings & Loan Assn Newport Federal Savings Bank The Washington Trust Company Westerly Savings Bank South Carolina AgFirst Farm Credit Bank American Federal Bank Arthur State Bank Bank of America Bank of Anderson Bank of Clarendon Bank of Greeleyville Bank of South Carolina BB&T Beach First National Bank Carolina First Bank Carolina State Bank Centura Bank Clemson Bank & Trust Coastal Federal Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank of South Carolina First Citizens National Bank First Federal of Charleston South Carolina Bank and Trust First National Bank of South Carolina First Reliance Bank First Savers Bank First Trust Mortgage Corporation First Union Greenwood Bank & Trust Lighthouse Community Bank Liberty Savings Bank Mutual Savings & Loan Association Mutual Savings Bank National Bank of South Carolina Palmetto Bank Palmetto State Bank Pee Dee State Bank People's Community Bank of South Carolina Peoples Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Peoples National Bank Plantation Federal Savings Bank Provident Community Bank Security Federal Bank South Carolina Bank and Trust SouthTrust Bank The County Bank Trust Company of the South Wachovia Bank Pinnacle State Bank Wachovia Bank South Dakota Andes State Bank American State Bank BankWest Brookings Federal Bank Community First Bankshares, Inc. Dacotah Bank Farmers State Bank (Marion) First Midwest Bank First National Bank in Brookings First National Bank in Garretson First National Bank in Sioux Falls First State Bank of Sinai Founders Trust National Bank Home Federal Bank Rushmore Bank & Trust State Bank of Alcester Valley Banks Valley Banks - Community Trust Tennessee Athens Federal Bank of Cleveland Bank of America Bank of Bartlett Bank of Crockett Bank of Dickson Bank of Halls Bank of Jackson Bank of Ripley Bank of Sharon Bank Tennessee Carroll Bank and Trust Cavalry Banking Commercial Bank & Trust Company Citizens Bank Citizens National Bank (Athens) Citizens National Bank (Sevier) Citizens Tri-County Bank City State Bank Cleveland Bank & Trust Colonial Bank EFS Federal Savings Bank Enterprise National Bank First American National Bank First Central Bank First Citizens National Bank First Community Bank First National Bank of Oneida First State Bank First Tennessee Bank First Virginia Bank Hardin County Bank InSouth Bank Legends Bank NBC Bank Security Bank Security Federal Savings Bank Sevier County Bank SouthTrust Bank Sun Trust Banks Traders National Bank Tri-State Bank of Memphis Union Bank Union Planters Bank Weakley County Texas Abrams Centre National Bank Alliance Bank Amarillo National Bank American Bank American Bank of Commerce American Bank of Texas American National Bank (Wichita Falls) American State Bank Bank of America Bank of Galveston Bank of Texas Bank of the West Bank One Bank United BankDirect Baytown State Bank Bonham State Bank Brady National Bank Brenham National Bank Broadway National Bank Caldwell National Bank Canyon Creek National Bank Central National Bank (Waco) Citizens Bank & Trust Company Citizens National Bank (Brownwood) Citizens National Bank (Fort Worth) Citizens National Bank (Henderson) Citizens National Bank (Waxahachie) Citizens State Bank of Somerville City National Bank (Kilgore) City National Bank City State Bank of Palacios Clear Lake National Bank Coastal Banc Colonial Savings Commercial National Bank of Texarkana Community Bank & Trust Compass Bank CompuBank Coppermark Bank Del Rio National Bank Eagle Bank Eisenhower National Bank Elgin Bank Farm Credit Bank of Texas Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas First American Bank Texas First Bank (Azle) First Bank & Trust of East Texas First Capital Bank First Capital Bank First Community Bank (Houston) First Convenience Bank First-Lockhart National Bank First National Bank of Athens First National Bank in Cameron First National Bank in Port Lavaca First National Bank of Abilene First National Bank of Anson First National Bank of Beeville First National Bank of Bellaire First National Bank of Jacksboro First National Bank of La Grange First National Bank of Mineola First National Bank of San Benito First National Bank of Sudan First National Bank of Texas First National Bank of Trenton First National Bank of Wichita Falls First National Bank Texas First Savings Bank First State Bank (Happy) First State Bank (Stratford) First State Bank ofLivingston First Texas Bank First United Bank ofDimmitt First USA First Victoria National Bank Fort Hood National Bank Franklin Bank Fredonia State Bank Friona State Bank Frost Bank Gateway National Bank Graham Savings & Loan Heritage National Bank Interstate Bank Jefferson State Bank Kleberg Bank Landmark Bank Laredo National Bank League City Bank &Trust Longview Bank & Trust Main Bank Mainland Bank Mansfield Community Bank Marble Falls National Bank MetroBank Moody National Bank National Bank NBC of Texas North Dallas Bank & Trust Norwest Online Orange Savings Bank Perryton National Bank PNB Financial Point Bank Schwertner State Bank Schertz Bank & Trust Security Bank Security Bank Garland Security State Bank Share Plus Federal Bank Southwest Bank Southwest Bank of Texas Star Bank of Texas State Bank - La Grange State Bank & Trust State Bank of Texas State National Bank ofTexas State National Bank of West Texas Stephenville Bank &Trust Company Summit Bancshares, Inc. Summit National Bank Synergy Bank Texas Bank (Brownwood) Texas Bank (Weatherford) Texas Capital Bank Texas Community Bank & Trust Texas First Bank Texas Gulf Bank Texas National Bank Texas State Bank (San Angelo) The Bank & Trust The Bank of Texas ValueBank Texas Woodcreek Bank Woodforest National Bank Woodcreek Bank Woodforest National Bank Utah Bank of Utah Bank One Barnes Banking Company Central Bank Far West Bank First Security Bank First Utah Bank Home Credit Bank Lewiston State Bank State Bank of Southern Utah Zions First National Bank Virginia Acacia Federal Savings Bank Access National Bank Bank of Botetourt Bank of Clarke County Bank of Essex Bank of Hampton Roads Hanover Bank Bank of Southside Virginia Bank of Tazewell County Bank of the Commonwealth Bank of Williamsburg BB&T Benchmark Community Bank Blue Grass Valley Bank Cardinal Bank Central Virginia Bank Centura Bank Chesapeake Bank Citibank Commonwealth Community Bank Community Bank Community Bank of Northern Virginia F & M Bank - Peoples First Citizens Bank First Community Bank First National Bank ofChristiansburg First Virginia Bank Fredericksburg Savings Bank Guaranty Bank Highlands Union Bank Lee Bank & Trust Company Miners & Merchants Bank& Trust Company Monarch Bank National Bank of Blacksburg NBC Bank New Peoples Bank Northern Neck State Bank Old Point National Bank Planters Bank & Trust Company of Virginia Rappahannock National Bank Resource Bank Rockingham Heritage Bank Shore Bank Southside Bank The Fauquier Bank The Middleburg Bank Union Bank & Trust Company Union Bankshares Corporation United Bank Vermont Chittenden Bank Citizen's Savings Bank & Trust Company Community National Bank Connecticut River Bank Factory Point National Bank Lyndonville Savings Bank Merchants Bank Northfield Savings Bank Washington Anchor Savings Bank Bank of America Bank of Clark County Bank of the West Bank of Whitman Banner Bank Cascade Bank Columbia Bank HomeStreet Bank EvergreenBank Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle First Federal Savings of Port Angeles First Mutual Bank Heritage Bank Islanders Bank North Sound Bank Northwest Farm CreditServices Northwest International Bank Pacific Northwest Bank Pend Oreille Bank Phoenix Savings Bank Rainier Pacific Riverview Community Bank Seattle Savings Bank Security State Bank The Commerce Bank ofWashington Today's Bank U.S. Bank Washington State Bank Washington Trust Bank Westsound Bank Yakima Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Wisconsin Abbotsford State Bank Amcore Bank American Community Bank American National Bank AnchorBank Associated Bank Bank of Lake Mills Bank of New Richmond Bank of Prairie du Sac Bank of Wisconsin Dells Bankers' Bank Cornerstone Community Bank Baraboo National Bank Baylake Bank Black River County Bank Cambridge State Bank Citizens State Bank ofLoyal Community Business Bank Community First Bank Community State Bank Cornerstone Community Bank DMB Community Bank East Dubuque Savings Bank F &M Bank Farmers & Merchants Bank & Trust Farmers Savings Bank First Bank & Trust First Banking Center First Citizens State Bank First Community Bank (Milton) First Federal Savings Bank First National Bank (Manitowoc) First National Bank of Baldwin First National Bank of Hartford First National Bank of Hudson First National Bank of Waupaca First National Bank of New Richmond First National Bank of River Falls First Northern Savings Bank Firstar Bank Fortress Bank Fox Valley Savings Bank Guaranty Bank Great Midwest Bank Green Lake State Bank Greenwood's State Bank Hiawatha National Bank Home Savings Bank Hometown Bank Ixonia State Bank Jackson County Bank Johnson Bank M&I Bank Maritime Savings Bank Markesan State Bank McFarland State Bank Mid-Wisconsin Bank Monona State Bank Monona State Bank Mutual Savings Bank Park Bank Peoples State Bank (Prairie du Chien) PremierBank River Falls State Bank State Bank of Cross Plains State Bank of Drummond State Bank of Florence State Bank of Howards Grove State Bank of Viroqua Stephenson National Bank & Trust The Bank of New Glarus The National Bank of Waupun The Peoples State Bank (Mazomanie) Walworth State Bank Wauwatosa Savings Bank Wisconsin Community Bank Wood County National Bank West Virginia Advance Financial Savings Bank Bank of America Bank of Mingo Bank One Belington Bank Belmont National Bank Bruceton Bank Capital State Bank Capon Valley Bank Citizens Bank of Morgantown Citizens National Bank (Elkins) City National Bank Davis Trust Company First Century Bank First Community Bank First Exchange Bank First National Bank (Ronceverte) Hancock County Savings Bank Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Huntington Federal Savings Bank OneValley Bank Pendleton County Bank South Branch ValleyNational Bank United National Bank WesBanco Wyoming American National Bank Bank of Jackson Hole First Interstate Bank First Federal Savings Bank First National Bank & Trust of Powell First National Bank of Wyoming First Security Bank Hilltop National Bank Jackson State Bank Norwest Oregon Trail Bank Security State Bank Shoshone First Bank Tri-County Bank Wyoming Bank & Trust