Page 2                   Clever Credit Repair - 40 Credit Repair Secrets



         1. Get a copy of your credit report from all 3 bureaus
         Because all 3 bureaus may have different data about your credit, it is a
         good idea to get a credit report from all 3 bureaus. Luckily you can get all
         3 in a combined report. We have reviewed what we feel is the top 5 3-
         bureau credit reports here.

         2. Read your credit report and review for innacuracies
         Your credit report will be divided into 4 sections. Identifying information.
         credit history, public records and inquiries. Check over your personal
         information for innacuracies such as incorrect SSN number or credit lines
         that don't belong to you.

         3. Myth: Checking your own credit will do damage to your credit
         This is false. Checking your own credit is considered a "soft inquiry" and
         will not be a blemish on your credit report.

         4. Soft Inquiries vs. Hard Inquiries
         A hard inquiry is when a lender checks your credit. An example might be
         when you apply for a credit card. Too many "hard inquiries" can
         temporarily drop your score. Since very often you may be applying for
         many to many places at one time for a credit card or auto loan, all "hard
         inquiries" in a 2 week period are considered as one inquiry. A soft inquiry
         is when you check your own credit report and is not counted against you.

         5. Pay your bills on time
         Probably the number one thing you can do to keep your credit in good
         standing is to pay your bills on time. Because even one 30 day late
         payment can adversely affect your credit, this is important. If you're not
         sure if a creditor or utility then pay it on time. Don't forget about the less
         obvious bills like a gym membership or movie rental place.

         6. Online bill paying
         For those bills you know report to a collection agency, it would be
         advisable to setup online bill paying. This way you know for sure those
         bills are being paid on time.

         7. What if I'm not sure a creditor reports to an agency?
         If you are not sure which of your creditors report to a collection agency,
         then call them and ask. It's really that easy. Make a list of all the bills you
         pay each month. Call each one and check if they report to a collection
         agency.


         ORDER THE CREDIT SECRETS BIBLE NOW TO IMPROVE YOUR
         CREDIT SCORE AS MUCH AS 249 POINTS



Page 2 ©2007 Clever Credit Repair - www.clevercreditrepair.com - All Rights Reserved