Page 3                   Clever Credit Repair - 40 Credit Repair Secrets




         8. What is a credit score and how does it help me?
         Your credit score is what lenders use to determine whether or not to
         extend you credit. A number too low and you will not get credit. A number
         that is average and you will get a high interest rate. A good score and you
         will get credit at a decent interest rate.

         9. Having a good credit score will save you thousands of dollars!
         Because you will be extended credit with the best interest rate, you will
         save tens of thousands of dollars on home mortgages and thousands of
         dollars on interest on auto loans and credit cards.

         10. So what is a good credit score?
         Below 620 Poor Credit (in other words - hurting!)
         620-660   You will be extended Sub-Prime financing. Still, ouch!
         660-720   This is Average, but you will still be assessed higher rates.
         720-750   This is Excellent. We all aspire to this.
         750 +     Champaign pours from the heavens. Perfect Score.

         11. What is a FICO score and why is that important?
         There are many scores out there. A score is basically compiled from good
         and bad information from your credit report. The FICO score is a score
         compiled from software created by the Fair Isaac Corporation. Each of
         the major credit reporting agencies provides a FICO score. This FICO
         score is what is used by most lenders. All other scores attempt to
         simulate what your FICO score might be.

         12. Who is the Fair Isaac Corporation?
         The Fair Isaac Corporation is the developer of the FICO score. Because
         each of the big credit reporting agencies is slightly different in the way they
         present your credit report, a different credit scoring program was written
         for each. Each credit reporting agency then will have it's own FICO score
         representing your credit. Since a lender may pull your credit score from
         only one reporting agency or a combination of scores, it's advisable for
         you to find out what your score is at each credit reporting agency.

         13. What are the 3 big credit reporting agencies?
         The 3 national credit bureaus are Experian, Equifax and TransUnion.

         14. Myth: Closing old accounts will improve my credit score.
         This depends. Old accounts typically have credit history associated with
         them, so removing them removes the history. Any negative items
         associated with that account will not be removed. Most likely this will have
         an adverse affect on your score. One possibility where it might help is if
         you have too many credit cards. Choose wisely which accounts to delete.



Page 3 ©2007 Clever Credit Repair - www.clevercreditrepair.com - All Rights Reserved