Page 4                   Clever Credit Repair - 40 Credit Repair Secrets



         15. Myth: Paying off creditors with negative data will help my score
         There are ways to remove negative data from your account. For
         information, see The Credit Secrets Bible for techniques on how to do this.
         Paying off an account will mark an account as paid. But negative items
         will remain on the credit report without attempting more advanced
         methods.

         16. Co-signing a loan can be bad news
         Be careful when co-signing a loan. You take as much repsonsibility for
         paying the loan as the other co-signee.

         17. Keep low balances on credit cards
         Keeping a high balance will affect your debt to credit ratio. To keep your
         score high, you need to keep you balances below 50%. Ideally you want
         to keep your score high, you should maintain a 30-35% balance and make
         your payments on time.

         18. Debt to Credit ratio
         Keeping a proper debt to credit ratio will help improve your credit score.
         Believe it or not paying off your credit cards every month doesn't improve
         your credit score. It will actually drive it down slightly. Lenders look for
         balances on credit cards and someone who can make consistent monthly
         payments.

         19. Are you saying keep a 35% balance on my credit cards?
         Yes and no. If you are in the market for an auto loan or home mortage/
         equity line of credit, then I would suggest maintaining a 35% ratio on your
         credit cards (revolving credit) to drive up your credit score. Start this
         process about 3 to 4 months before applying for new credit.

         20. Revolving Credit vs Installment Credit
         Revolving credit is credit from credit cards. Any credit that doesn't have a
         fixed length monthly payment is considered revolving credit. You can
         borrow and pay back at will. Installment Credit is fixed payment credit like
         an auto loan or mortgage loan.

         21. PFD - Pay for Delete
         When negotiating with collection agencies, always try and get a PFD (Pay
         for Deletion). In a nutshell, they have the ability to remove the negative
         information from your credit report. In negotiation, always try for PFD. It
         would even be worth paying a little more to get the negative information
         deleted.

         ORDER THE CREDIT SECRETS BIBLE NOW TO IMPROVE YOUR
         CREDIT SCORE AS MUCH AS 249 POINTS



Page 4 ©2007 Clever Credit Repair - www.clevercreditrepair.com - All Rights Reserved