Page 5                    Clever Credit Repair - 40 Credit Repair Secrets



         22. How do I establish credit in the first place?
         Credit is a two way street. Every time you apply for credit, the lender will
         pull your credit report and score from one, two or all three credit bureaus.
         Based on the information they see they will perhaps extend you credit in
         the form of a credit card or loan. Once you have credit established the
         lender will then report to these same credit agencies any negative
         information such as late payments.

         23. You will need a balance of credit types in your record
         In order to maintain a good credit score you will need different types of
         credit history in your credit report. You most likely won't be extended a
         $500k loan if you only have a few credit cards. Lenders like to see
         installment loans as well (even ones that have been paid in full) like auto
         loans, school loans and mortgage loans.

         24. Myth: My credit report is identical between credit bureaus.
         This one is false. Because lenders aren't required to report your credit
         activities, they may report to only one, two, all three or even none of the
         credit bureaus. For this reason, each of the credit bureaus is most likely
         maintaining different credit histories on you.

         25. Credit Monitoring
         Most of the services today that you can order a copy of your credit report
         from also offer a service called credit monitoring. Credit monitoring
         allows you to do several things. Some allow you to view your credit report
         at anytime while on their service. Most allow alerts to be setup in the
         event of major changes to your credit report or score. This can help you
         identify the possibility of Identity Theft.

         26. Where can I go to establish Credit Monitoring?
         We have done an extensive review of credit monitoring sites here.

         27. Identity Theft and credit monitoring
         Monitoring your credit is certainly one way to detect Identity Theft. Most of
         the credit monitoring services offer alerts that can indicate the possibility of
         Identity Theft as well.

         28. Shred all those credit card offers
         Shred all those credit card offers. One of the easiest way for someone to
         steal your credit (identity theft), is to hijack pre-approved credit card offers
         and fill them out in your name.

         29. Shred anything with an account number or an SSN
         I hope this is an obvious one but before throwing away anything with an
         account number or SSN, shred it first!



Page 5 ©2007 Clever Credit Repair - www.clevercreditrepair.com - All Rights Reserved