Page 6                    Clever Credit Repair - 40 Credit Repair Secrets



         30. Disputing Negative Information
         If you have bogus negative information on your credit report you will need to
         submit a dispute with each credit agency that is reporting this information.
         Contact each of the 3 big bureaus for the necessary dispute forms. I suggest
         filling out the forms by hand and sending certified mail. The credit agencies have
         30 days to verify and remove the erroneous information.

         All these advanced techniques are covered in the Credit Secrets Bible

         31. What do I do if my Identity is stolen?
         Keep good records. Send everything by certified mail and keep a record of all
         correspondence and communications. You may need it if you find yourself in a
         lawsuit.

         Call the police. Report whatever was stolen. Although most likely they won't be
         able to help you, the police report may be able to help convince creditors of what
         has taken place.

         Contact the Federal Trade Commission. The FTC's identity theft hot line is
         877-438-4338. Call them and file a complaint. This may help to lead to law
         enforcement action.

         Continue to check your credit report. New accounts don't show up for sometimes
         1-month up to 6 months.

         Contact each of the credit bureaus and put a fraud alert on your file. This will aid
         in preventing new accounts to be opened without your express permission.

         Freeze fraudulent accounts. Make contact with all the creditors, banks, utility
         companies etc., and have them freeze all the fraudulent accounts. You will
         probably only be liable for only $50.00 of the fraudulent charges against you.

         32. Contacting Experian
         PO Box 2002

         Allen, TX 75013

         (888) 397-3742

         Web site: www.experian.com




         ORDER THE CREDIT SECRETS BIBLE NOW TO IMPROVE YOUR
         CREDIT SCORE AS MUCH AS 249 POINTS



Page 6 ©2007 Clever Credit Repair - www.clevercreditrepair.com - All Rights Reserved