CREDIT REPAIR KIT A COMPLETE TOOLKIT FOR FIXING YOUR CREDIT PROBLEMS PRESENTED TO YOU BY REPAIRCREDITNOW.COM PLEASE READ THIS FIRST This document provides information that may be of use to you in restoring and maintaining your credit rating. However, it is not a substitute for legal advice, nor was it developed by an attorney or legal organization. You may wish to consult an attorney regarding your own situation, especially with regard to the laws within your state. WE HOPE YOU ENJOY THIS GUIDE! This Credit Repair Kit was developed to provide you with useful information about restoring and maintaining your credit. We hope that you find this guide informative and helpful. If you would like to order an additional copy of this credit manual, please call us toll-free at 1-800-880-7168. Or, visit us online at www.RepairCreditNow.com INTRODUCTION Have you ever felt like you are the only person you know who has credit problems? Have you ever thought, “My credit is so bad, I’ll never get out of this!” Do you feel hopeless and full of despair? Well, in fact you are not alone! Personal credit problems have been affecting individuals in record numbers. In fact, it is estimated that almost 60% of Americans have experienced past or present credit problems. Millions of honest, hard-working people are having trouble paying their bills, especially in a timely fashion. Amazingly, over one million people file for bankruptcy each year! Even if you have experienced major financial reverses or severe personal circumstances affecting your credit, it is still possible to qualify for credit again and to improve your credit status. Most creditors are willing to offer credit to individuals who have demonstrated that they have made significant efforts to turn their financial status around, even if they don’t have the most perfect credit reports. In the following pages, we will take you through a step-by-step process that will help you: √ Clearly understand your present credit situation √ Develop an effective strategy to improve your credit status √ Learn how your mood and “mindframe” affect your credit √ Organize your actions in a way that you have never been organized before √ Confront and assert yourself in relationship to your creditors and credit reporting agencies √ Understand your legal rights √ Actually re-establish credit! Will it take hard work and persistence? Absolutely! Will it be worth it? Absolutely! Let’s get started immediately! GETTING STARTED Before you read any further in this manual, you must build a foundation for your credit repair efforts. This foundation is based on: ► Preparation ► A solid understanding of where you stand ► Clear information from credit reporting agencies ► Most importantly, an organized system of putting your papers and files together so that you can more easily document inconsistencies, errors, and misstatements that may appear on your credit report Where do I begin? You can start by taking whatever time is required to carefully sort through your bills, organize them by type and company, and put them in chronological order, from oldest to most recent. √ Take a look at the pattern of payments you have been making. See if this pattern is consistent with different companies, or if it only applies to particular ones. √ Check out the due dates and understand the time frame that you have been using to pay your bills. √ It would be most helpful to create a chart listing the companies, the payment due dates, and the actual dates that you made payments. Sometimes a shift by just a few days can have an extremely positive effect on your credit status. √ It is also vital that you examine your checkbook to be sure that checks have cleared for bills that you assumed were paid on time. There are so many individuals that do not even take the time to balance their checkbook! If this applies to you, it’s time for a change! GETTING STARTED -1 A GOOD IDEA! It is helpful in the early stages of credit repair to take a look at your income and expenses – real expenses and not just mortgage and car payments. √ Keep a daily log for several weeks to get a better handle on where your income actually is going. √ Calculate fixed monthly payments, such as rent or mortgage, electric, auto, insurance, telephone, cable TV, other utilities, etc. and compare these to the total monthly household income after taxes. It is imperative that you clearly understand your flow of income and expenses, so that you are in a position to turn your financial problems around. How do I get organized? In outline form, here is a summary of the initial preparation steps: 1. Sort all of your bills. 2. Organize your bills in chronological order. 3. Examine your payment pattern. 4. Thoroughly review your checkbook. 5. Make a flow chart to show where your money is going. 6. List all of your monthly recurring payments. Keep in mind – Work from a position of strength. Clearly understand your position. Develop strategies to make positive changes. Always remember that repairing your credit is possible, but it can be a battle. You need to be armed, ready, fully prepared, and informed in order to win. GETTING STARTED -2 FINE-TUNING YOUR MENTAL OUTLOOK Other people get credit ... Why can’t I? One of the primary reasons that individuals experience difficulty in trying to fix or restore their credit situations has to do with the “mindset” that they carry around with them. Many people feel completely overwhelmed, depressed, and incapable of action. They look at a rejection from a credit company as a given, something that they expected to happen, and maybe even something that they deserved! “I had a feeling I would get turned down. This is awful. I’ll never get approved for a loan at this rate!” But, by accepting this situation, you are taking the position of a victim, one who ‘deserves’ bad things to happen to him or her. Clearly, in order for you to have a fighting chance of restoring your credit, you must first work on your mental attitude towards your situation. You must clearly define your goals and outline a clear, precise course of action to achieve those goals. It is critical to confront the self-defeating negative thoughts that have resulted in immobility and paralysis! This can definitely improve your mood and strengthen your ability to follow through on your plan to restore your credit now – not later, not in ten years, but now! How can I change my negative outlook to a positive one? Here are some examples of how you can view the challenge of turning around your credit situation from a negative standpoint, and how you can view it from a rational, positive one: Negative Thought: “I’m never going to get out of this. My finances are horrible, and no company will ever give me credit again!” Rational Thought: “Even though I have been rejected in the past, that doesn’t necessarily mean I will always be rejected by credit companies, especially if I work at it.” FINE-TUNING YOUR MENTAL OUTLOOK -1 Negative Thought: “I feel like I’m Rational Thought: “I am deep in debt, drowning in debt. I don’t see any way but if I do nothing, it can out of my situation, so only get worse. I need to why bother contacting take a step-by-step the credit agencies.” approach, a little at a time.” Negative Thought: “I get intimidated Rational Thought: “ I need to take this by these large credit agencies. Only a opportunity to help myself. I can ask lawyer can deal with all of the questions if I don’t understand the paperwork and forms that they send, process, but I can’t sit back and be and I can’t even afford a lawyer!” intimidated for the rest of my life!” Clearly these examples illustrate that a positive, determined, challenging mindset is required to be successful in credit repair. These attitudes will take some hard work to accomplish. But, once in place, they will allow you to √ Move in a positive direction √ Feel good about each correction that is made on your credit report and each financial arrangement you are able to make with creditors √ Ultimately, get back the credit that you deserve! A GREAT IDEA! As a working tool along the way towards credit repair, take the time to monitor your thoughts on a weekly basis. Keep a journal of your negative thoughts, and try to think of a more positive, rational way to counter those thoughts. As you become more mobilized, you will notice a trend: it gets easier to think of more positive things to tell yourself, and you are becoming more assertive as a result. Remember, this process takes time, but it can be literally a life-altering pursuit. FINE-TUNING YOUR MENTAL OUTLOOK -2 TERMS YOU SHOULD KNOW What is a credit history? A credit history is a record of the credit you have been granted in the past and how well you have met your obligation to pay your debts. Your credit history includes both whether you have paid your debts and whether you have paid them on time. What is a credit rating? A credit rating is an assessment of your ability to pay off debt based on your credit history. What is a credit reporting agency? A credit reporting agency (or CRA), also known as a credit bureau, is a company that gathers information about your credit history and sells that information to other companies that extend credit. What is consumer debt? Consumer debt is monies owed as the result of obtaining goods or services for personal or household use. What is the Fair Credit Reporting Act? The Fair Credit Reporting Act, also known as the FCRA, is a set of US government rules that requires the information supplied by CRAs about your credit history to be complete and accurate and available to you on request. What is the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act? The Fair Debt Collection Practices ACT, or FDCPA, is enforced by the Federal Trade Commission to prevent debt collectors from using abuse, deception, and harassment when attempting to collect debts from consumers. Improper collection practices under the FDCPA include: ► Telephoning the consumer’s workplace ► Revealing the debt to people or companies other than the person responsible for paying the debt ► Threatening or harassing the person who owes the debt ► Continuing to contact the consumer after he/she has asked for contact to cease ► Demanding a payment in excess of that which is owed or which the law permits ► Continuing collection efforts when a consumer disputes a debt without first verifying the debt in writing TERMS YOU SHOULD KNOW -1 What is refinancing? Refinancing is the payment of debt by borrowing additional monies. Be careful when refinancing, though – There are many unscrupulous companies that will add huge sums to your existing debt with hidden costs and high fees. Also some companies, such as utilities, will set up a flexible repayment plan to enable you to pay off your debt, so that refinancing is unnecessary. Do not let a debt collection agency pressure you into refinancing! What is a debit card? A debit card takes money directly out of your bank account as soon as you use it. By contrast, when you use a credit card, you receive a bill within a designated time period for the credit that has been extended to you. You are responsible for paying the charges on the credit card bill. What is bankruptcy? Bankruptcy is a legal procedure through which people and businesses who cannot pay off their debts arrange to either have the debts “discharged” (erased) or paid off over time during the bankruptcy proceedings. Did you know that every year, almost one million Americans file for bankruptcy? That translates into almost one out of every one hundred households. DID YOU KNOW ... ► Chapter 7 bankruptcies stay on your credit record for 10 years. Chapter 10 bankruptcies stay on your record for 7. ► All bankruptcy claims are filed in federal courts. ► There are serious disadvantages to consider when filing for bankruptcy. For instance, you may have more difficulty renting a home once you have filed for bankruptcy. If filing for bankruptcy does not wipe out at least half your debt, it probably makes sense to meet your obligations in some other way. ► For consumers, there are two main types of bankruptcy: Chapter 7 bankruptcy and Chapter 13 bankruptcy. TERMS YOU SHOULD KNOW -2 What is Chapter 7 bankruptcy? Chapter 7 bankruptcy, which is the most common form of bankruptcy, enables you to wipe out most consumer debts. These would include credit card debt, merchant card debt, medical bills, car loans, utility and phone bills, back rent, etc. In return, however, it may be necessary for you to surrender property, such as a second car, a vacation home, or valuable electronic equipment. These items will be sold to pay off the debts of the person who has filed Chapter 7. Most debts left over after this sale of personal assets will be erased. Types of debts that cannot be removed by Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings include child support and taxes. What is Chapter 13 bankruptcy? Chapter 13 bankruptcy, also known as reorganization, is usually filed by people who plan to pay off their debts within a three- to five-year period. People who elect to file Chapter 13 generally: √ Have property that they wish to keep √ Have regular income that will cover both their living expenses plus the amount that is needed to pay off their debt. The person who files for Chapter 13 will list all of his or her assets and liabilities and also submits a plan for repayment. For more information about credit, credit counseling, and bankruptcy, visit these websites: WEBSITE ORGANIZATION www.abiworld.org The American Bankruptcy Institute nacba.com National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys www.nacm.org National Association of Credit Management www.consumerlaw.org National Consumer Law Center www.ncua.gov National Credit Union Administration www.nfcc.org National Foundation for Credit Counseling www.aiccca.org The Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies (AICCCA) TERMS YOU SHOULD KNOW -3 ALL ABOUT CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS What is a credit bureau? Credit bureaus, also called repositories or credit reporting agencies, are central clearing houses for credit-related information. Credit bureaus gather information about your consumer credit history, maintain this information, and actually sell it in the form of a credit report. Clearly, credit bureaus are “for profit” businesses that make money by selling information about your credit and the credit of others. Credit bureaus are used by prospective lenders to determine whether a particular individual is a good risk for either a credit line or a loan. How do credit bureaus work? Credit bureaus store virtually all of your payment histories and habits in computer databases. This information is analyzed, scored, and then sold to various lending institutions, credit card companies, etc. Credit bureaus do not actually make any lending decisions – These are made by the actual lending institution with which you are involved: for instance, banks, stores, and so on. What if a credit bureau has incorrect information about my credit history? Credit Reporting agencies do not make any money correcting inaccurate information, but fortunately they are legally obligated to do so. (We will refer later to the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), federal regulations designed to give consumers fair protection and certain rights related to their credit.) It’s up to you, though, to get the process started. Begin by requesting a current copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit bureaus: Trans Union, Equifax, and Experian. You do not need a complicated document to request your credit report. Just request a copy and include your √ Full name √ Current address and any previous addresses √ Social security number √ Date of birth (including year) √ A photocopy of your driver’s license or a statement with your name and address clearly marked. Is there a form that I can use to request my credit report? Yes. To request your report, you may use a form like the one below: CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -1 CREDIT REPORT REQUEST Date: To Whom It May Concern: I am requesting a copy of my credit report. My personal information is as follows. Full Name: Current Address: Previous Address: Date of Birth: Social Security Number: Spouse’s Name: Telephone Number: Special Circumstances: (CHECK only if these apply) __ I certify that I receive public assistance. __ I certify that I am presently unemployed and intend to apply for a job within the next 60 days. __ I was denied credit on ________(date) by _____________________. Attached is a copy of the denial letter. __ I certify that I believe there are inaccuracies or erroneous information on my credit report due to fraud. __ I am requesting my free annual credit report. __ I have not been denied credit within the preceding 60 days. Enclosed is a copy of a document (i.e., driver’s license) identifying me by my name and address, along with a check for $_____________. Thank you for your prompt attention to my request. Sincerely, _______________________________ ( your signature) CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -2 How do I contact the credit bureaus? You can call or telephone these credit bureaus at the locations below. You may also learn more about these agencies and contact them via their websites. Trans Union Equifax Experian (formerly TRW) P.O. Box 390 P.O. Box 740193 P.O. Box 2104 Springfield, PA 19064 Atlanta, GA 30374 Allen, TX 75013 PHONE: 312-408-1400 PHONE: 800-685-1111 PHONE: 800-583-4080 WEBSITE: www.transunion.com WEBSITE: www.equifax.com WEBSITE: www.experian.com Remember, it is important to order copies of your credit reports from all three of the reporting agencies noted above since there may be inaccuracies or incomplete information that may only appear on one or two of the reports. How much does a credit report cost? If you do not qualify for a free credit report, the fee typically is $8. According to TransUnion, most state residents will be charged $8.50 for a credit report. The fee for California residents is $8.00; Connecticut residents, $5.00; Maine residents, $2.00; Minnesota residents, $3.00; and Virgin Island residents, $1.00. Can I qualify for a free credit report? Yes. There are certain situations that will enable you to get a free copy of your credit report. Do any of the following apply to you? 1. You have been denied credit by a credit card company or other lending institution within the last sixty days. ► A creditor that has denied you credit will inform you of the name and address of the credit reporting agency that has reported information that has resulted in your credit denial. ► Remember: your request for a copy must me made within 60 days of the denial. 2. Your report contains inaccuracies due to fraud. You will need to provide a sworn statement to this effect. ► An example might be that you believe someone else used your credit card or your social security number. 3. You receive public assistance. You will need to provide a sworn statement to this effect, as well as a copy of your most recent public assistance check. 4. You are unemployed and intend to apply for a job within the 60 days following your request for your credit file. Again, you must provide a sworn statement to this effect, plus documentation that proves you are unemployed or a copy of your recent unemployment check. CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -3 Additionally, certain states require the credit reporting agencies to provide one free copy per year of their credit report. Presently, these states include Colorado, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Vermont. WARNING! There are many scams on the Internet that appear to offer free credit reports that require you to sign up for another program – with a fee that you will have to pay – in order for you to receive your “free” credit report. Steer clear of these free offers! They sound too good to be true, and they are! . How long will it take to receive my credit report? Typically, the credit reporting agencies will send you a copy within ten days to two weeks. What can I expect to find out from my credit report? Here is the type of information that you will find in your credit report: 1. Personal Identification Information A typical credit file will usually include your name, present address, social security number, date of birth, and your employment history. Some reports will list your driver’s license number, as well. Your salary is also typically included. The credit report will also include any former names, and previous addresses. 2. Public Record Information This section will include public record items that are obtained from local, state, and federal courts. Public records are maintained by various government agencies, and are available to anyone. The following items, if applicable, would appear in this section of the credit report: a. Lawsuits (including a divorce) b. Judgments, including the defendant, plaintiff, amount of judgment, and whether this has been satisfied, and the date of judgment being satisfied. c. Judgment liens, including the date, amount, and whether satisfied, or not d. Foreclosures e. Bankruptcy filings, including date filed, the district court information, the liabilities, and whether discharged or not, and the date f. Tax liens, mechanic’s liens g. Criminal arrests and convictions h. Child support delinquencies of $1000 or more CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -4 3. Collection Agency Account Information Certain businesses will provide information to credit reporting agencies only when an account is past due or the account against you has been turned over to a collection agency. There will be an indication of the date the collection process was initiated, as well as any payments or actions taken since that date. It will show the delinquency status: √ If an account is 60, 90, or 120 days late √ Whether a suit was initiated √ Whether it was discharged in a bankruptcy. 4. Credit Account Information This section of your credit report contains both open and closed accounts. It makes up the largest part of your credit file, and shows monthly reports from your creditors. In differing formats depending on the credit reporting agency, you will find : a. The name of the company granting credit b. The account number of the company granting credit c. An explanation of who is responsible for the account and the type of participation you have with this particular account. ► For example, an account could be joint, individual, undesignated, authorized user, terminated, maker, co-maker/co-signer, on behalf of another, or shared d. The month and year that the account was opened e. The number of months that credit information has been reported on the account f. The date of last payment, last charge, or occurrence g. The highest amount charged or the credit limit on the account h. The number of installments or the monthly payment i. The amount owed as of the reporting date j. The past due amount as of the reporting date k. The status of the account: ► Open (entire balance due each month) ► Revolving (the monthly payment amount is variable) or ► Installment (this represents a fixed number of payments over a given period of time). CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -5 The timeliness of payments is also represented here. The following framework is utilized: 0 = Approved not used; too new to rate 1 = Paid as agreed 2 = 30+ days past due 3 = 60+ days past due 4 = 90+ days past due 5 = Pays or paid 120+ days past the due date; or account is in collections 7 = Making regular payments under wage earner plan or similar arrangements 8 = Repossession 9 = Charged off to bad debt l. The date of the last update to your account In general, the credit granting companies that provide monthly reports to the credit reporting agencies include: √ Any banks that you have done business with √ Savings, and loans √ Credit unions √ Finance companies √ Commercial lenders √ Credit card companies √ Mortgage companies √ Auto leasing or auto lenders √ Student loan companies √ Personal loans companies Additionally, the major credit card issuers that are not bank-affiliated, such as American Express, Discover, Diner’s Club, etc. report regularly. Also, the major department stores that issue credit cards, such as JC Penney, Macy’s, Sears, etc. report regularly. If you use a credit card from a gas company such as Mobil or Exxon, you will see the reports here, as well. Any other creditors that receive monthly installment payments will be listed her as well. CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -6 5. Companies That Requested Your Credit File - Inquiries This section includes a list of businesses that have received your credit file within the past two years. Some of the inquiries listed will be associated with certain abbreviations, such as PRM, AM, and AR. ► PRM indicates that the inquiry was initiated for promotional purposes, such as a screening to see if you are pre-approved for a credit card or other credit offer. ► AM indicates that a periodic review of our credit history has been initiated by one of your creditors. AM stands for account monitoring. ► AR stands for account review. Sometimes this information is used to determine whether an increase in a credit line should be granted, or perhaps even to have your card cancelled. It is important to note that the FCRA has made it a requirement that credit bureaus list the full name, not an abbreviation, of anyone who reviews your credit report for any reason! Additionally, you have the right to ask a credit reporting agency to provide you with the address and telephone number of the businesses or individuals who are indicated on your report as having made an inquiry. DID YOU KNOW ... This section of your credit report is actually very important and has a significant effect on your ability to get credit. Most lenders look as the number of credit-related inquiries you have on your report and use this as an indicator of how much credit you are trying to obtain. They may assume that you are applying for too much credit based on the number of inquiries and therefore may not be a responsible user of credit. If this is the case, they may deny your credit request. CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -7 How do I manage all of this? By this time, after carefully reading your credit report for the first time, you may be feeling quite overwhelmed, or even frightened. This may be the first time you have actually viewed your credit report. It is helpful to take a little time for the information to digest. Review it again over the next day or two, and then reread the mental preparation section of this handbook. Take things one step at a time. Remember, persistence, organization, and the right mental attitude will help you to much more effectively deal with the credit reporting bureaus. It will take some time, but the anticipated results will be well worth it! Credit reporting agencies are required by various federal and state laws to keep accurate and timely information about your credit history and use of credit. They will respond to your requests in a prompt manner. √ Do not allow a credit reporting agency to be intimidating to you. Rather, be firm and clear about your rights, and pursue them to the best of your ability. √ Take things one step at a time, but be persistent, follow up, be organized, and conscientious. You will begin to see the results of your efforts in a relatively short period of time. What if I need more help? Sometimes professional intervention is needed. There are situations and circumstances that may be best resolved with the help of an attorney who specializes in more difficult credit issues, bankruptcy situations, problems of credit related to divorce or separation, etc. If at all possible, get a referral from an individual that you trust. This may be from a family attorney, physician, a relative in the business world, or through the state or local bar (attorney) association. A skilled specialist who can negotiate on your behalf may be well worth it. DID YOU KNOW ... There are many companies that specialize in helping individuals with problem credit to obtain an auto loan. Typically, they work with a nationwide network of auto dealers representing various types of cars, new and used. For more information, contact: www.1800DRIVETODAY.com www.1800AUTOYES.com www.AUTO-LOANS.com CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -8 A Great Idea! Utilizing the Internet, consumers can now gain almost immediate access to their FICO score. This is a measure of credit worthiness that is used by almost all of the major lenders. In fact, the score is utilized by more than 75% of mortgage lenders in making their credit decisions. This credit scoring system was developed by a company called Fair, Isaac & Company, a California based company that was a major factor in the development of credit scoring profiles for consumer use. Generally, the FICO score was not made available to consumers, unless it was revealed to them by their lender. By logging on to the website www.myFICO.com, consumers can obtain their FICO score, along with an accompanying analysis for a modest fee. FICO scores typically range from 300 to 850, with higher scores indicating better creditworthiness. The analysis will also indicate the top four reasons that a consumer did not obtain a higher score, ranked in order of importance. This can be extremely helpful in targeting your work towards contacting the credit reporting agencies, and focusing on particular accounts in order to begin your letter writing campaign. This additional information can provide valuable insights and lead to more effective credit decisions for you as you attempt to improve or restore your credit rating. “I found the section on ‘mental preparation’ to be the most helpful, as I always feel so defeated when dealing with these big companies. I’m taking it one step at a time, and finding success along the way. Thanks...” Mark R., Omaha, NE CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -9 CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT Can a credit bureau be wrong about my credit history? Let’s start with a very basic fact. Credit bureaus do make mistakes! And, the creditors and other information providers who give regular information to the credit reporting agencies sometimes provide inaccurate information! It has been reported that more than 2 billion pieces of credit-related information are transferred each month, and more than 600 million credit reports are generated each year. The numbers are staggering, so it is easy to see how mistakes can happen. What kind of errors might I find? Let’s take a look at some of the common problems that you will find: √ Your name may be misspelled. √ Your social security number is wrong. √ Your address is incorrect. √ Your information may be mixed with someone else who has a name similar or identical to yours. √ Duplicate accounts may be present. √ A former spouse’s name might appear on your credit report. √ You may notice outdated information. DID YOU KNOW ... By law, credit reporting agencies may maintain and report negative information for seven years. Bankruptcies may be reported for up to ten years. √ You may notice unauthorized inquiries. √ A lien that has been paid off may not show as having been released. √ Account information may not indicate current activity accurately. For example, although you may have been late on payments in the past year, but have been current for six months, the more recent activity is not properly reflected. √ Information on the accounts reported does not relate to you at all. CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -1 Regardless of which Credit Reporting Agency (CRA) you are dealing with, the manner in which they respond to correction requests is always the same, according to the guidelines of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. What are my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act? One of the major reporting agencies, Trans Union, has nicely abstracted the key points presented in the Fair Credit Reporting Act. We draw from that information here. The FCRA was implemented to promote fairness, accurate information, and privacy of information in the files that appear in every consumer reporting agency (CRA). As noted previously, most CRAs are credit bureaus, such as Experian, Trans Union, and Equifax. They collect information about you and your use of credit and sell this information to creditors, employers, landlords, credit card companies, and others. The FCRA gives you, the consumer, specific rights, which are protected by law. You may also have additional rights as provided by local or state laws. You can contact a state or local consumer protection agency or the state attorney general for your state to find out more about your rights within your specific locale. √ If information in your file has been used against you, you must be informed of this action. Anyone or any company who uses information from a CRA to take action against you, such as denying your application for credit or denying employment or insurance, must provide you with the name, address, and phone number of the CRA that provided the credit report. √ You are permitted to find out what is in your file. Once you have requested the information in your file and provided the appropriate identifying information, the CRA must give you the most recent information in your file and a list of all individuals or companies who have made inquiries within the past two years. You may not be charged for this report if an action was taken against you as a result of the report and you have filed this request within 60 days of your receipt of notice. Additionally, you may receive a free report every 12 months if you can certify that any of the following are true: a. You are unemployed and plan to seek employment within the next 60 days. b. You are on public assistance. c. There are inaccurate statements on your report due to fraud. Otherwise, there will be a charge of up to $8.50 for a report. CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -2 √ You have the right to dispute information in your report that is inaccurate. If you indicate to a credit reporting agency that your credit file contains information that is inaccurate, the credit reporting agency must investigate these items (usually within 30 days) by presenting your relevant information to the credit reporting source. ► The source must examine and review your evidence, and report back to the CRA with it’s findings. ► It must also advise the national CRAs of any errors. ► The reporting agency must give you a written report of the results of the investigation and a copy of your new report if there is a change to be made. ► If the investigation does not result in a dispute being resolved, you have the right to add a brief statement to your file. This item should be included in subsequent reports of your credit file. ► If there has been a change made whereby an item has been deleted or corrected, you can request that any recent inquiries be notified of the change to your report. √ The credit reporting agency must correct or delete inaccurate information. A CRA must delete or correct unverified or inaccurate information from its files, usually within a 30-day period from the time that you dispute the accuracy of information in your report. ► The credit reporting agency is not required to remove accurate information unless it is outdated or cannot be verified. ► If your dispute of the information in your report results in a change to your report, the CRA cannot put that disputed information back in to your report unless the source of the information is able to verify the accuracy and completeness of its report. ► Additionally, the CRA must give you written notice indicating that it has reinserted the item. The notice has to include the name, address, and telephone number of the information source. √ An individual can dispute false or inaccurate items directly with the source of the information. For example, if you dispute an item with a creditor who reports to the CRA, they must indicate your dispute to CRA when they report back to the CRA. This is called a notice of dispute. ► Once you have notified the source of the information about its error, it may not continue to report the information if, in fact, it is an error. √ The information in your report has a time limit. In most instances, a credit reporting agency may not report negative information that is more than seven years old. The limit is ten years for bankruptcies. CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -3 √ There is limited or restricted access to your credit file. A credit reporting agency may provide information about you and your credit file only to people or companies that have a need that is recognized by the FCRA. In most cases, this is to consider an application with a creditor, insurer, employer, landlord, or other business, such as an auto lease. √ You must consent for reports that are released to employers or reports that contain medical information. A CRA may not release information about you to an employer or potential employer without your written authorization. A CRA may not report any medical information about you to creditors, insurers, or employers without your full authorization. √ An individual may choose to have their name excluded from lists that CRAs maintain for unsolicited offers from credit and insurance companies. Often, creditors and insurance companies may use CRA file information to make unsolicited offers for various credit card, mortgage, leasing, and insurance products. These offers must now include a toll-free number for you to call to remove your name from such a list. ► If you make this request, your name and address must be kept off the list for at least two years. You can be taken off these lists indefinitely if you request a CRA form, complete it, and return it to the CRA. √ You may be entitled to seek damages from violators of the FCRA. If a credit reporting agency, a user, or a provider of CRA data violates the provisions of the FCRA, you may be entitled to sue them in state or federal court. How do I proceed if a credit reporting agency violates my rights? There are agencies with authority to enforce the Fair Credit Reporting Act who can assist you. CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -4 AGENCIES WITH AUTHORITY TO ENFORCE THE FCRA Federal Trade Commission Consumer Response Center- FCRA Washington, D.C. 20580 Telephone: 202-326-3761 For: Concerns regarding credit reporting agencies, creditors, and others not listed below. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Compliance Management Mail Stop 6-6 Washington, D.C. 20219 800-613-6743 For: Concerns regarding nation banks (N.A.), federal branches and agencies of foreign banks. Federal Reserve Board Division of Consumer & Community Affairs Washington, D.C. 20551 Telephone: 202-452-3693 For: Concerns regarding the Federal Reserve System member banks. Office of Thrift Supervision Consumer Programs Washington, D.C. 20552 Telephone: 800-842-6929 For: Concerns regarding savings associations and federally chartered savings banks (FSB) National Credit Union Administration 1775 Duke St. Alexandria, VA 22314 Telephone: 703-518-6360 For: Concerns regarding federal credit unions. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Division of Compliance & Consumer Affairs Washington, D.C. 20429 Telephone: 800-934-FDIC For: Concerns regarding state-chartered banks that are not members of the Federal Reserve System CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -5 Department of Transportation Office of Financial Management Washington, D. C. 20590 Telephone: 202-366-1306 For: Concerns regarding air, surface, or rail common carriers. Department of Agriculture Office of Deputy Administrator- GIPSA Washington, D.C. 20250 Telephone: 202-720-7051 For: Concerns regarding activities subject to the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921. DID YOU KNOW ... You can review the Fair Credit Reporting Act in its entirety. Go to: http://www.ftc.gov/os/statutes/fcra.htm. Remember, as a consumer, you have the right to challenge the statements made in your credit report at any time if you believe them to be inaccurate. ► You may submit a consumer statement to any of the credit reporting agencies, stating your position on the problem in your report. Your written statement should be no more than 100 words and should explain why you believe the information in your credit report is inaccurate. ► The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires that a staff person from a credit reporting agency assist you if you require assistance in writing your statement. ► The law requires that your statement become a permanent part of your credit report, available to anyone who reviews your credit file. ► If it is determined that your statement was correct and accurate as verified by the creditor, the credit reporting agency is then mandated to include your statement of dispute, at your request, in your credit report. CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -6 How can I make sure that the CRA answers my letter promptly? Many consumers have reported that their letters are not responded to in a timely way by the credit reporting agencies. Sometimes, they have even reported their letters to be ignored! One of the best ways to guard against this happening to you is to send your dispute letter by certified return receipt mail. This will greatly increase your chances of getting a timely response. Keep accurate records of when you have sent letters to the credit reporting agencies. REMEMBER! Information that is inaccurate must be removed within 30 days. Is there anything else I can do to move things along? It is useful to set up a simple system of attempts to contact the credit reporting agencies to help monitor the status of your requests. It is also useful to organize materials related to the credit reporting problem that you are addressing. √ It is important to make and keep copies of all letters and other correspondence that you send on your behalf. √ Keep a log of telephone contacts related to the credit problem. Be sure to record the name of the person with whom you spoke, as well as their number and extension. Record a summary of the conversation, as well as the intended action as a result of the phone call. Good record keeping is essential. It may come in handy and provide some proof of your attempts to resolve your dispute with a credit reporting agency, should you need to pursue legal action at some point in the future or file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission. CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -7 What if the CRA refuses my request? Upon investigation, it is possible that a credit reporting agency will find that the information you are challenging is correct. At this point there are several options that you may pursue. √ You may attempt to locate new or additional information that will verify your assertions of inaccurate information. Send this information to the CRA by certified mail with a request for a return receipt. √ Don’t forget to add positive information related to your use of credit. Some companies, including major commercial lenders such as auto loan companies and mortgage companies, do not report to the three major credit reporting agencies. You may choose to send the credit reporting agencies account information for accounts that you pay on time. You can include a copy of a recent statement of account, along with copies of cancelled checks demonstrating a pattern of timely payment. Ask the credit bureaus to add this information to your credit file. This process can add valuable positive information to your credit history! √ You may contact the creditor who is providing the information to the CRA – for example, an auto loan company – and request that it correct the problem in reporting. Send the creditor a letter similar to the one you sent to the credit reporting agencies, and include documentation wherever possible. Ask the creditor send your corrected file to all of the credit reporting agencies to which that they report with instructions to correct your file. Also request that the company send the corrected copy of the file to you, along with the correction letter that they have sent to the credit reporting agency. “I was actually applying for an auto loan and found out that my credit situation was so bad that I wouldn’t be able to get approved for a loan. I was desperate. I found the RepairCreditNow.com site online. I ordered the manual, and actually started work immediately. Even though there is a lot of common sense advice, I found it really helpful. Within two weeks, I started to get letters back from the credit bureaus. I found several inaccuracies in my reports, and have begun to take the steps to correct them. I’m hoping to get my new car in a few months...” Roberta G., Staten Island, NY CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -8 MOVING FORWARD Congratulations! Now that you have read this handbook, you should: Realize that you are not the only person who has credit problems .. and that you can resolve the situation, improve your credit status, and get the credit that you deserve. Know that the first step in rebuilding your credit rating is organizing all of your financial information and reviewing your pattern of bill payment. By doing this, you can see exactly how your behavior can impact your credit status. Understand that a positive mental outlook has a profound effect on your ability to restore your good credit rating. Be comfortable with the terminology of the credit industry. Determine how the available options, including refinancing and bankruptcy, can help – or hurt – your situation. Be familiar with the ways in which federal regulations regarding the behavior of credit reporting and debt collection agencies can protect you. Understand the workings of a credit bureau and how to request – and read – your own credit report. Be aware of how to correct errors in your credit reports Understand the techniques for re-establishing and keeping good credit. With time, your preparation, persistence, and hard work should pay off. But, remember – You are responsible for maintaining your own good credit rating. Good luck! “ I can’t believe how many errors I found on my credit reports. It was a real eye-opener. I’m using the letter that you suggested, and finding that I can get these errors off my reports. My report is looking better already...” John K., Los Angeles, CA