

        Copyright © 2015 InspireVantage Pte Ltd

        All rights reserved
        Published by Winter Vee.

        No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
        transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopied, recorded,
        scanned, or otherwise, except as permitted under Canadian copyright law, without the
        prior written permission of the author.

        Notes to the Reader:
        While the author and publisher of this book have made reasonable efforts to ensure the
        accuracy and timeliness of the information contained herein, the author and publisher
        assume no liability with respect to losses or damages caused, or alleged to be caused, by
        any reliance on any information contained herein and disclaim any and all warranties,
        expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or reliability of said information.

        The publisher and the author make no representations or warranties with respect to the
        accuracy or completeness of the contents of this work and specifically disclaim all
        warranties. The advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for every
        situation. It is the complete responsibility of the reader to ensure they are adhering to
        all local, regional and national laws.

        This publication is designed to provide accurate and authoritative information in regard
        to the subject matter covered. It is sold with the understanding that neither the author
        nor the publisher is engaged in rendering professional services. If legal, accounting,
        medical, psychological, or any other expert assistance is required, the services of a
        competent professional should be sought.

        The words contained in this text which are believed to be trademarked, service marked,
        or to otherwise hold proprietary rights have been designated as such by the use of initial
        capitalization. Inclusion, exclusion, or definition of a word or term is not intended to
        affect, or to express judgment upon the validity of legal status of any proprietary right
        which may be claimed for a specific word or term.

        The fact that an organization or website is referred to in this work as a citation and/or
        potential source of further information does not mean that the author or publisher
        endorses the information the organization or website may provide or the
        recommendations it may make. Further, readers should be aware that the websites
        listed in this work may have changed or disappeared between when this work was
        written and when it is read.

        Individual results may vary.


                                                                                                     2