        Introduction



        We are a country in debt. Not only is our government in debt, but we, as
        Americans, are in debt ourselves, and the problem is just getting worse! Recent
        studies have shown that ninety percent of Americans have at least one credit
        card – and they are using that card – A LOT!

        The average family carries a balance of between $7,000 and $10,000 on all their
        credit cards. Over $1,000 per family goes on interest every year. And that’s just
        the average – some people owe much more!

        Overall, Americans spend over $1 trillion every year on their credit cards, and
        owe more than $500 billion of it. If debt continues at the current rate, then one
        family in a hundred will be forced into bankruptcy. Over 90% of Americans’
        disposable incomes are spent paying back debts.

                                                       When you add credit card debt to the regular
                                                       bills we have to pay each month, which can
                                                       tax anyone’s budget. As a result, some bills
                                                       go unpaid and others are paid late.



                                                       Both of these instances can damage your
                                                       credit sometimes so much that you think
                                                       there’s no way you’ll ever be able to get out
                                                       of debt and get credit for something
                                                       important like a home or a car.

        The truth is that you can get out of debt and repair your credit nearly to what it
        was before you had credit problems. It takes some time and a little work on your
        part, but it IS possible.

        Loan approvals and such depend on your credit score. That number is what
        determines if you can get credit, what your interest rate will be, and how much
        money potential lenders will give you. A good median score is 750, but the
        higher your score is, the more financially sound you are.



                                                                                                       4