       Chapter           1 Simple
       Credit Score Secrets: - First
                                  Tricks To Things          First - Your Credit Report
                                            Scoring 750 Or Higher



        The very first step you need to take when trying to raise your credit score is to
        find out what your score is and what it means. Legislation called the FACT Act
        was passed that allows all Americans to get one free copy of their credit report
        every year. This report lists all of your debts you’ve had and your payment
        history on those debts.

        It will tell you where you owe money, how much you owe, and how you pay (on
        time, 30 days late, etc.). All of that information is compiled together and then
        analyzed.

        After the analysis, a number is assigned to you as to what your credit fitness level
        is. Potential creditors then look at your credit score and decide if you are going
        to be able to pay back the amount of money you are requesting to borrow.

        That’s the short version. Actually, there is much, much more involved in
        determining your credit score. However, what should be important to you knows
        how to read your credit report and how to raise that score so that you are able to
        get the things you need. Remember that – the things you NEED, not the things
        you WANT!

        Let’s start with how to get your credit report in the first place. There are three
        major credit reporting agencies that will offer you the one free credit report you
        get each year. They are Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax. You can contact each
        of them directly in the following ways:

        Equifax – Online, you can find them at www.equifax.com. You can also order
        your free credit report by mail. However, they only offer this option for free to
        residents in the states of Colorado, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts,
        New Jersey, and Vermont. All other states are required to pay a $10 fee.

        If you do want to do this by mail, send your request to Equifax Information
        Services, LLC; Disclosure Department; P.O. Box 740241; Atlanta, GA 30374. You
        can also call them at 1-800-685-1111.




                                                                                               6