


        TransUnion – Their web address is www.transunion.com. As with Equifax, you
        can also make your request via mail by getting a copy of their mail request form
        online and sending it to the address provided. You can also call them at 1-877-
        322-8228.

        Experian – www.experian.com is where you can make a request for a credit
        report from this credit reporting agency. As with TransUnion, you will need to
        download a form from their website if you wish to request your credit report by
        mail. By phone you can call 888 397 3742.

        There are also a myriad of websites who will also allow you to download your
        free credit report from their websites, but they ultimately will just be forwarding
        you to one of the above websites anyway. However, they are worth checking out
        for the information that you can find on them. Here are a few:

                 www.annualcreditreport.com
                 www.freecreditreport.com
                 www.creditreport.com
                 www.freecreditreportinstantly.com

        The main thing is that you will want to get your free credit report in order to find
        out where you stand and how far you have to go to repair your credit. Most of
        the time when you download your credit report, you will be able to view and
        save it instantly. Save it to your computer’s “My Documents” file if you can. That
        way you’ll be able to print it out and refer to it as much as you need.

        Also, some of these sites offer low-cost memberships that will alert you if a new
        item comes onto your credit report. Their services will offer many different
        things, but purchasing a membership is strictly voluntary and probably not
        necessary if you want the straight truth.

        Once you get a copy of your credit report, it’s important to know how to read it.
        There are going to be an awful lot of numbers, abbreviations and terms you've
        never seen before. Trade lines, charge-offs, account review inquiries -- how do
        you read this thing?


                                                                                               7