


        Even though you get one free credit
        report each year, experts suggest that if
        you are serious about improving your
        credit score, you need to examine a
        report from each of the three major
        credit reporting agencies. This will,
        however cost you a small fee from the
        other two, so keep that in mind. Why
        do they suggest you have all three?
        Creditors can pick and choose which
        credit reporting agency they want
        to report to.

        Some will report to all three, but many won’t. You may find that what is included
        on one report isn’t on another. The reports will have different information
        because it's a voluntary system, and creditors subscribe to whichever agency they
        want - if any at all.

        A credit report is basically divided into four sections: identifying information,
        credit history, public records and inquiries.

        Identifying information is just that -- information to identify you. Look at it closely
        to make sure it's accurate. It's not unusual for there to be two or three spellings
        of your name or more than one Social Security number. That's usually because
        someone reported the information that way. The variations will stay on your
        credit report. If it's reported wrong, leave it because it might mess up the link.
        Don't be concerned about variations.

        Other information in this section might include your current and previous
        addresses, your date of birth, telephone numbers, driver's license numbers, your
        employer and your spouse's name. The data in this section is often used to verify
        your identity or to confirm that the information you provided for an application is
        accurate. Small variations in this data between the three bureaus are normal as
        each agency may have their own recording procedures.



                                                                                                  8