


        The personal information section of your credit report may also include a
        "consumer statement." This is a statement that you asked the credit reporting
        agencies to add to your report. Commonly, this statement is used to explain a
        record on your report.

        For example, "The Smith Bank account from 2004 was a shared account with my
        ex-husband." This statement does not impact your credit score but may help you
        clarify a situation to a potential creditor or lender and improve your chances to
        obtain credit.

        The next section is your credit history. Sometimes, the individual accounts are
        called trade lines. Each account will include the name of the creditor and the
        account number, which may be scrambled for security purposes.

        You may have more than one account from a creditor. Many creditors have more
        than one kind of account, or if you move, they transfer your account to a new
        location and assign a new number. The entry will also include:

                 When you opened the account
                 The kind of credit (installment, such as a mortgage or car loan, or revolving,
                 such as a department store credit card).
                 Whether the account is in your name alone or with another person.
                 Total amount of the loan, high credit limit or highest balance on the card.
                 How much you still owe.
                 Fixed monthly payments or minimum monthly amount.
                 Status of the account (open, inactive, closed, paid, etc.).
                 How well you've paid the account.

        On Experian's report, your payment history is written in plain English -- never
        pays late, typically pays 30 days late, etc. Other comments might include internal
        collection and charged off or default. Charged off means the creditor has given
        up, thrown in the towel.




                                                                                                  9