


        The following information is for real estate, installment, revolving and other type
        records:

                 Creditor: The official account name. This name may be different than you
                 expect if your account is managed by a larger financial corporation.
                 Account Number: This is an identifying number for your account.
                 Typically, this would be a credit card number for a credit card account or a
                 loan identification number for a mortgage.
                     o A portion of the number is hidden for security reasons. A partial
                       account number is all that is needed to file a dispute about the
                       record.
                 Condition: This is the account’s status as open or closed, according to the
                 most recent update from your creditor.
                 Balance: The amount you presently owe on the account based on the last
                 reported activity. Very recent activities may not yet have appeared in the
                 bureaus’ computer system so this balance may be a few days out-of-date.
                 Type: The account's specific type. Some common types are real estate,
                 automobile, educational and credit card accounts.
                 Pay Status: The account's payment status, according to the most recent
                 update from your creditor.
                                                                       For each account, the report also
                                                                       displays an illustrated payment
                                                                       history over the last 24 months.
                                                                       There will be a key at the top of
                                                                       this section describes each
                                                                       payment history symbol and what
                                                                       it indicates for your account.
                                                                       Green boxes marked "OK" show
                                                                       that your payment was made on
                                                                       time.




                                                                                                           11