


        Most credit reports also give you more in-depth information about specific
        accounts. This is also an important part of the credit report you’ll want to review
        for accuracy.

        The following information may be reported for your account in this section:

                 Past Due: The amount of payment overdue as of the most recent
                 reported activity. Very recent payments may take a few days to appear on
                 your credit report.
                 High Balance: The most you have ever owed on this account. In the case
                 of a credit card, this is the highest balance you've ever charged. For a
                 mortgage, it is the initial amount of the mortgage.
                 Terms: This is the number of payments you have scheduled with a
                 creditor. Most commonly this applies to loan accounts. For example, an
                 auto loan may have a repayment plan scheduled over 36 months and a
                 home loan may have a repayment plan scheduled over 360 months.
                 Limits: For a credit card or other revolving account, this is the maximum
                 amount you are approved to borrow.
                 Payment: This is the minimum amount you are required to pay each
                 month toward the account.
                 Opened: The date the account was opened.
                 Reported: The last date when any activity for this account was shown.
                 Activities include payments, credit card billings and changes in your terms.
                 Very recent activity may not yet show on your account, since it takes time
                 for it to appear in the credit reporting agency's system.
                 Responsibility: This indicates your responsibility for the account. For
                 example individual, joint or co-signer.
                 Late Payments: A summary of your 30, 60 and 90 day late payments over
                 the past 7 years. Please note that the figures in the seven year history
                 include any late payments shown in the two-year history.
                 Remarks: Notes about the status or condition of your account.



                                                                                                12