


        Collection accounts are accounts that are seriously past due and have been
        transferred to an attorney, collection agency or creditor's internal collection
        agency. As your debt is transferred between different agencies, you may see
        several records on your report for the same debt.

        Only one record should be marked as open at a time. All the collection records
        and the original debt record will expire from your credit report at the same time.
        Collection records use a unique summary format on your credit report:

                 Creditor Name: The official name of the company that is currently
                 attempting to collect the debt.
                 Account Number: An identifying number for your account with the
                 collection agency. This is not the same as the account number on your
                 original debt.
                 Original Creditor: The name of the original creditor where you
                 accumulated your debt. This could be an account that is listed on your
                 credit report (such as a credit card) or an account that is not listed on your
                 report (such as a library, video rental or cell phone company). If this
                 creditor was a medical office, the name may be masked for your privacy.
                 Responsibility: This indicates your responsibility for the account. For
                 example individual, joint or co-signer.
                 Condition: The current status of your collection record. For example open,
                 closed or paid.
                 Original Balance: The amount of debt owed on the original account
                 before it was transferred.
                 Date Opened: The date the account was transferred to the collection
                 agency.
                 Date Reported: The date of the collection agency's last update to this
                 account record.




                                                                                                  13