


                 Remarks: Notes about the account as reported to each credit reporting
                 agency. For example, this section may note that the collector has been
                 unable to locate you or that you have not yet paid the debt.


                                                      The next section is the part you want to be
                                                      absolutely blank. The public records section is
                                                      never a good story. If you have a public
                                                      record on there, you've had a problem that
                                                      has required litigation. It doesn't list arrests
                                                      and criminal activities; just financial-related
                                                      data, such as bankruptcies, judgments and tax
                                                      liens. Those are the monsters that will trash
                                                      your credit faster than anything else.




        Here are definitions of the eight types of public records you could see listed on
        your credit report:


                 Bankruptcy: A legal filing that relieves a person of responsibility for all or
                 some of their debts because they are unable to pay.
                 Tax Lien: A claim filed by a local, state or federal tax agency against a
                 person who owes back taxes.
                 Legal Item: A general filing. This is most commonly a judgment against
                 you in civil action.
                 Marital Item: A legal filing related to a marital or divorce issue.
                 Financial Counseling: A public record indicating that a person has
                 participated in financial counseling.
                 Financial Statement: A type of lien filed by a creditor against a person's
                 property. This can be filed when a loan is secured against personal
                 property.




                                                                                                         14