


                 Asset Amount: The dollar amount of total personal assets used in the
                 court's decision. The Asset Amount can include items of value that can be
                 used to pay debts.


        The final section is the inquiries. That's a list of everyone who asked to see your
        credit report. Any time anyone gets into the report, it'll post an inquiry. That
        means if you try to apply for a credit card, it’s listed as an inquiry. Have you been
        shopping for a car? Every time a dealership runs a credit report, it shows. If you
        call the credit bureau and ask for a copy, it will be on there. It's a very detailed
        entry record. Generally, this is great for the consumer.

        Inquiries are divided into two sections. "Hard" inquiries are ones you initiate by
        filling out a credit application or taking your child to the orthodontist. "Soft"
        inquiries are from companies that want to send out promotional information to a
        pre-qualified group or current creditors who are monitoring your account.

        You may have heard that a large number of inquiries can have a negative impact
        on your credit score, but you're probably OK. The vast majority of inquiries are
        ignored by the FICO scoring models. They're not the steak in the steak dinner, so
        to speak.

        For instance, the model has a buffer period that ignores inquiries within 30 days
        of getting a mortgage or a car loan. It also counts two or more "hard" inquiries in
        the same 14-day period as just one inquiry. You could have 30 in two weeks and
        it only counts as one.

        However, on the other hand, having a lot of credit inquiries on your account
        could also show potential creditors that you are trying to live your life on credit
        which means you might not have the means to pay back the debt. This is
        especially true if you’ve been applying for a lot of credit cards. And there are
        always many opportunities to apply for a credit card.




                                                                                                16