        Chapter            2Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - FICO           and
                                   Tricks To Scoring     You
                                                     750 Or Higher



        Back in the 1960’s, a company called Fair Isaac devised a unique system to
        determine the credit worthiness of people who apply for loans. Through a
        complicated mathematical computation (too complicated for this author!), they
        were able to study a person’s credit history and assign them a number that would
        represent how likely it was that they would be able to repay a loan they were
        applying for.

        Fair Isaac sparked a revolution by pioneering credit risk scoring for the financial
        services industry. This new approach to lending enabled financial institutions to
        improve their business performance and expand consumers’ access to credit.
        Today Fair Isaac’s FICO score is widely recognized as the industry standard for
        lenders.

        The FICO score condenses a borrower’s credit history into a single number based
        on past credit history. Fair, Isaac & Co. and the credit bureaus do not reveal how
        these scores are computed. The Federal Trade Commission has ruled this to be
        acceptable. The real truth is that even if we did know, we probably couldn’t
        calculate it ourselves anyway. Unless, of course, you happen to be a
        mathematical genius!

        Credit scores are calculated by using scoring models and mathemat ical tables
        that assign points for different pieces of information which best predict future
        credit performance. Developing these models involves studying how thousands,
        even millions, of people have used credit.

        Score-model developers find predictive factors in the data that have proven to
        indicate future credit performance. Models can be developed from different
        sources of data. Credit-bureau models are developed from information in
        consumer credit-bureau reports.
        Credit scores analyze a borrower's credit history considering numerous factors
        such as:




                                                                                              19