


                 Late payments.
                 The amount of time credit has been established.
                 The amount of credit used versus the amount of credit available.
                 Length of time at present residence.
                 Negative credit information such as bankruptcies, charge-offs, collections,
                 etc.


        There are really three FICO scores computed by data provided by each of the
        three bureaus––Experian, Trans Union and Equifax. Some lenders use one of
        these three scores, while other lenders may just use the middle score.

        Fair Isaac has become so important in the financial industry that their word on
        your credit has become basically the final word. Why would banks and creditors
        place so much credibility into one company? The answer is simply because of
        their proven track record.

        The FICO score has proven to be not only an accurate and amazingly consistent
        way of showing a person’s credit reliability, but it has also saved companies
        millions of dollars in credit write-offs due to bad lending decisions. A study of
        loans that were granted and/or denied simply due to the FICO scores shows that
        Fair Isaac has been right over 80 percent of the time.

        Of course, that required some chance taking on the part of many creditors, but
        they were willing to take the risk. After all, this was a ground-breaking thing
        determining credit worthiness through a simple three-digit number. Many
        companies jumped “on the bandwagon” just to show that Fair Isaac had the right
        idea.

        Fast forward to the twenty-first century and you will find that FICO has become
        the definitive when it comes to financial and credit matters. They have proven
        their reliability and their worthiness just through trial and error.




                                                                                               20