        Chapter            3Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Next          Things
                                   Tricks To Scoring           Next - Finding Your Score
                                                     750 Or Higher



        You would think that finding out what your credit score is would be easy. In a
        way it is, but only because I’ve done my research and you won’t have to spend
        time surfing websites looking for the ever elusive credit number. It would seem
        logical to have your credit score appear right on your credit report, but that’s just
        not the way it is.

        At one time, your credit score was a big secret known only to financial companies
        and banks. With the FACT Act, legislators decided that it was important for
        individuals to know not only what their personal credit scores are but how they
        are calculated and how to improve them.

        The main company who calculates your credit score is the Field, Isaac Company
        commonly known as FICO. They invented the concept of the FICO scores so they
        are the ones who are known as experts in the industry. Before we go into finding
        your score, let’s look at a few facts about the FICO score.


                 FICO scores are your credit rating.
                 They range from 300-850, higher is better.
                 Most lenders base approval on them.
                 Higher scores mean lower interest rates.
                 FICO scores are calculated based on your rating in five general categories:
                     o Payment history - 35%
                     o Amounts owed - 30%
                     o Length of credit history - 15%
                     o New credit - 10%
                     o Types of credit used - 10%
                 Field, Isaac Company is the inventor of the FICO score.
                 They have the only website offering all 3 of your FICO scores.
                 The median FICO score in the U.S. is 723.




                                                                                                22