


        Essentially, your credit score is simply a snapshot of your credit use -- it's the
        Cliffs Notes version of seven years of your borrowing history. In many lending
        situations, the lender bases its decision almost solely on your credit score.
        Consider your credit score the overall GPA of your borrowing history.

        Now, here’s the bad news. If you want to know your actual credit score, you will
        usually have to purchase it. This can be done in a few ways.

        You can get it from one of the three major credit reporting companies: Equifax,
        Experian, and TransUnion. The fee isn’t a huge one – usually around $15 or $20.
        However, if you’re serious about growing your credit score, it’s well worth the
        money to be financially responsible in the end.

        You can also go to www.myfico.com and get your FICO score directly from them.
        They will offer you a free 30 day trial membership which will get your credit score
        right now and then, if you wish to continue the membership, it will update the
        score as it rises (or, heaven forbid lowers).

        If you are applying for a mortgage, here’s a little good news for you. You can find
        out your credit score for free! The mortgage company will base their decision
        and interest rate on what your credit score number is, so just ask and they’ll tell
        you!
        FICO scores range between 300 and 850. Here’s what those scores mean:


                 Over 750 – you have excellent credit and will be able obtain credit easily.
                 720 or more – you still have very good credit and will be able to obtain
                 credit easily.
                 660 to 720 – this is an acceptable credit. You can still get loans, but you
                 may pay a higher interest rate.
                 620 to 660 – creditors are going to be uncertain about lending you money.
                 Less than 620 – you have poor credit history and will probably not be able
                 to obtain credit on your own.



                                                                                               23