        Chapter            4Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Establishing                  Good Credit
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher



        So you don’t have any credit to speak of, but you have big plans for the future.
        Maybe you’re a fresh college graduate or a young person eager to buy your first
        new car.
        If you have never had to use credit before, first of all BRAVO! Of course, it’s best
        to pay cash for the things you need so that you don’t have to worry about credit
        card payments, loan payments, or interest rates. But if you’re young, the chances
        of you needing credit in the future are very real. Someday you might want to buy
        a house. Perhaps you’ll want to buy a new car.

        Chances are pretty good that you won’t have the cash outright to buy these high
        ticket items which mean you’ll need credit. Plus, it’s always good to have a little
        credit since many utility companies will look at your credit to turn on your power
        bill, for example, without a deposit of some type.

        When you’re starting fresh with no credit history at all, here are a few ways to
        get a good start on establishing good credit:

            1. Pay your bills on time, especially mortgage or rent payments. Apart from
               extreme circumstances like bankruptcy or tax liens, nothing has as big of
               an impact on your credit history as late payments.
            2. Establish credit early. Having clean, active charge accounts established
               many years ago will boost your score. If you are averse to credit, on
               principle, consider setting up automatic monthly payments for, say,
               utilities and phone on a credit card account and locking the card away
               where it's not a temptation.
            3. Don't max out available credit on credit card accounts. Lenders won't be
               impressed. Instead, they are much more likely to assume that you have
               trouble managing your finances. Beyond one or two credit cards, it starts
               to get complicated.




                                                                                               25