


            4. Don't apply for too much credit in a short amount of time. Multiple
               requests for your credit history (not including requests by you to check
               your file) will reduce your score. If you are hunting around for good loan
               rates, assume that every time you give your Social Security number to a
               lender or credit card company, they will order a credit history.
            5. Be neat and consistent when filling out credit applications. This will insure
               that all your good deeds get recorded in a single file, as opposed to
               multiple files or, worse, someone else's file. Watch out for inconsistencies
               in use of "Jr." and "Sr."
            6. Check your credit history for errors, especially if you will soon be
               requesting a time-dependent loan, like a mortgage.


        One great way to start establishing credit is to apply for a store credit card (Sears,
        JC Penney, etc.). Once you get the card, make a few small purchases and pay
        them off completely. Do this a few times over the course of a year and you’ll find
        yourself with some established credit with an excellent payment history. DO NOT
        go overboard and buy more than what you can pay for, though.

                                                                  You can also apply for a secured
                                                                  credit card. These cards ask that you
                                                                  place a certain amount of money in
                                                                  your account for which you will
                                                                  receive a charge card. Then you can
                                                                  make purchases up to the amount of
                                                                  money that is in your account. Credit
                                                                  reporting agencies treat these cards
                                                                  just like regular credit cards and look
                                                                  to them as a responsible way for you
                                                                  to establish a good credit history.




                                                                                                            26