


        You will have to have a checking account to establish credit. This lends to your
        credibility with lenders and shows that you are able to manage your money
        effectively. When applying for a credit card of any type, be sure to ask if they
        report to any of the credit reporting agencies. As we’ve said before, they are not
        required to do so, and if they don’t, having one of these cards or loans won’t do
        you a lick of good even if you do make your payments on time.

        You can also establish credit by making a purchase or applying for a loan with a
        co-signer. A co-signer is a person with good credit history who is basically telling
        the lending company that they will be responsible for making sure you make your
        payments on time. Often a co-signer is a relative such as a parent. This can be a
        risky proposition for them, so know that they are putting their own credit history
        on the line just to help you out, so don’t let them down.

        When applying for a loan, such as a car loan, it can also be helpful if you have a
        large down payment to make thus lessening the amount of money you have to
        borrow. This shows the lending company that you have the ability to save and
        they are more likely to take a chance on you based on this factor alone.

        So let’s do a quick review on how to establish a good credit history:

                 Apply for a store or gas credit card and make a few charges.
                 Ask a loved one to co-sign on a loan.
                 Find a respected secured credit card company.
                 Open a checking account.
                 Don’t apply for too many credit cards in too short of a time.
                 Check your credit report for any errors.
                 Go slowly.
                 Don’t overspend.
                 Make sure your lender reports to at least one of the credit reporting
                 agencies.
                 MAKE YOUR PAYMENTS ON TIME!!!!!!!


                                                                                               27