        Chapter            5Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Repairing                 Your
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher Credit Score
        Don’t despair if you find yourself with a less than desirable credit score and credit
        history. You are human and can make mistakes. It’s natural. The key to this is
        recognize that your spending habits are out of control, your credit has been
        damaged, and then vow to never get yourself back in the same situation after
        you have gotten your credit repaired.

        First, get your credit report. Get one from all three agencies. You get one free
        and then you’ll probably have to pay around $10 a piece for the other two. It’s
        important to get reports from all three agencies so that you have a full picture of
        your credit history.

        Some companies only report to one agency. Some report to all three. But if you
        are committed to repairing your credit, you need all three so that you don’t miss
        anything.

        Then go over those credit reports carefully. See the section above on how to
        read these credit reports. Check to see that there are no errors such as a bill
        you’ve paid but that is still being shown as owed.

        People at credit bureaus are human too and make mistakes just like you! If you
        don’t call attention to these mistakes, no one else will. We’ll cover correcting
        those mistakes a little bit later.

        The next part involves pulling out those accounts that are delinquent and making
        a re-payment plan. Unless you are declaring bankruptcy, you’ll still need to pay
        your debts and doing so can go a long way towards improving your credit history.
        Creditors will see that you are doing the best you can to get back on your feet
        and this improves your credibility.

        If all the bills are too overwhelming for you to consider paying back at once, just
        concentrate on one at a time. Break them into pieces, contact the company and
        let them know you are trying to come up with a repayment plan and if there’s
        anything they can do to help you out.




                                                                                                29