


        These companies really just want their money in the long run, so they are going
        to be willing to help you. Once that company is paid off, move on to the next one
        until everyone is paid off.

        After that happens, it’s not like your credit is immediately pristine. Late
        payments and charged-off accounts remain on your report for seven years;
        bankruptcies for 10.

        Most creditors, however, look for a pattern of payment rather than focusing on
        one-time or rare occurrences. That’s why consistent on-time bill payments will
        improve those blemishes.

        As soon as you have paid off your creditors, then you can start all over again.
        Follow the steps given above in the section about establishing credit. Nothing
        can compare to consistent, on-time bill payments and responsible credit
        practices when it comes to repairing your credit.

        Experts say the average time required to rebuild one's credit to the point at
        which you can be accepted for a major credit card or small loan is approximately
        two years.

        Here are some other things to consider when trying to repair your credit:

                 Pay down your credit cards. Paying off your installment loans (mortgage,
                 auto, student, etc.) can help your score, but typically not as dramatically as
                 paying down -- or paying off -- revolving accounts like credit cards.

                     o The credit-scoring formulas like to see a nice, big gap between the
                       amount of credit you're using and your available credit limits.
                       Getting your balances below 30% of the credit limit on each card
                       can really help.
                     o While most debt gurus recommend paying off the highest-rate card
                       first, a better strategy here is to pay down the cards that are closest
                       to their limits.



                                                                                                  30