


                 Use your cards lightly. Racking up big balances can hurt your score,
                 regardless of whether you pay your bill in full each month.
                     o What's typically reported to the credit bureaus, and thus calculated
                       into your score, is the balance reported on your last statement.
                       That doesn't mean paying off your balances each month isn't
                       financially smart -- it is -- just that the credit score doesn't care.
                     o You typically can increase your score by limiting your charges to
                       30% or less of a card's limit. If you're having trouble keeping track,
                       consider using a check register to track your spending, logging into
                       your account frequently at the issuer's Web site, or using personal
                       finance software like Microsoft Money or Quicken, which can
                       download your transactions and balances automatically.
                 Check your limits. Your score might be artificially depressed if your lender
                 is showing a lower limit than you've actually got. Most credit-card issuers
                 will quickly update this information if you ask.
                     o If your issuer makes it a policy not to report consumers' limits,
                       however -- as is the usual case with American Express cards and
                       those issued by Capital One -- the bureaus typically use your highest
                       balance as a proxy for your credit limit.
                     o You may see the problem here: If you consistently charge the same
                       amount each month -- say $2,000 to $2,500 -- it may look to the
                       credit-scoring formula like you're regularly maxing out that card.
                     o You could go on a wild spending spree to raise the limit, but a more
                       sober solution would simply be to pay your balance down or off
                       before your statement period closes.
                     o Check your last statement to see which day of the month that
                       typically is, then go to the issuer's Web site about a week in
                       advance of closing and pay off what you owe. It won't raise your
                       reported limit, but it will widen the gap between that limit and your
                       closing balance, which should boost your score.




                                                                                                31