


                 Dust off an old card. The older your credit history, the better. But if you
                 stop using your oldest cards, the issuers may stop updating those accounts
                 at the credit bureaus. The accounts will still appear, but they won't be
                 given as much weight in the credit-scoring formula as your active accounts.
                 That's why many financial companies recommend to their clients that they
                 use their oldest cards every few months to charge a small amount, paying
                 it off in full when the statement arrives.


                 Get some goodwill. If you've
                 been a good customer, a
                 lender might agree to simply
                 erase that one late payment
                 from your credit history. You
                 usually have to make the
                 request in writing, and your
                 chances for a "goodwill
                 adjustment"     improve     the
                 better your record with the
                 company (and the better your
                 credit in general). But it can't
                 hurt to ask.
                     o A longer-term solution for more-troubled accounts is to ask that
                       they be "re-aged." If the account is still open, the lender might
                       erase previous delinquencies if you make a series of 12 or so on-
                       time payments.


        When trying to improve your credit score or credit history, avoid any of the
        following:

                 Asking a creditor to lower your credit limits. This will reduce that all-
                 important gap between your balances and your available credit, which
                 could hurt your score. If a lender asks you to close an account or get a limit
                 lowered as a condition for getting a loan, you might have to do it -- but
                 don't do so without being asked.


                                                                                                  32