



                 Making a late payment. The irony here is that a late or missed payment
                 will hurt a good score more than a bad one, dropping a 700-plus score by
                 100 points or more. If you've already got a string of negative items on your
                 credit report, one more won't have a big impact, but it's still something
                 you want to avoid if you're trying to improve your score.
                 Consolidating your accounts. Applying for a new account can ding your
                 score. So, too, can transferring balances from a high-limit card to a lower-
                 limit one, or concentrating all or most of your credit-card balances onto a
                 single card. In general, it's better to have smaller balances on a few cards
                 than a big balance on one.
                 Applying for new credit if you've already got plenty. On the other hand,
                 applying for and getting an installment loan can help your score if you
                 don't have any installment accounts, or you're trying to recover from a
                 credit disaster like bankruptcy.
        By the way, all these suggestions work best if you have poor or mediocre scores
        to begin with. Once you've hit the 700 mark, any tweaking you do will tend to
        have less of a positive impact.

        And if your scores are in the "excellent" category, 760 or above, you'll probably
        be able to eke out only a few extra points despite your best efforts. There's really
        no point, anyway, since you're already qualified for the best rates and terms.
        Here's one area where it's really OK to rest on your laurels and worry about
        something else.

        If you are in serious, serious credit problems, sometimes the only solution is to
        file for a bankruptcy. This is a last-ditch thing, though, and should only be done if
        you’ve dug yourself in so deep that the odds of getting out of debt are little to
        none.




                                                                                                33