        Chapter            6Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Bankruptcy
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher



        Filing for bankruptcy has a very negative connotation in society, but it’s a way for
        people who have found themselves in serious financial trouble to ease the
        burden of what they’ve done and allow them to start over. Businesses don’t like
        it, but for consumers, it can be a life saver.

        This writer knows of one young girl – just 21 years old – who was over $20,000 in
        debt plus she had her car repossessed for non-payment. At this young age, she
        was in serious financial trouble with no way out.

        She was (still is) going to school trying to earn a degree so she can get a good job,
        but since her first credit card was issued to her at age 17, her credit woes began
        and they didn’t end until she was able to file for bankruptcy.

        Her debts were discharged and she was able to start all over again. She
        purchased a (very) used vehicle for cash, got a part-time job while she went to
        school and worked very hard to build her credit up slowly.

        Now she is 30. She has a well-paying job as a nurse at a local hospital and just
        celebrated buying her first home. She once told me, “I knew I was in over my
        head and I became very depressed because of it. The bankruptcy was the best
        thing I could have ever done for myself even though at the time, it was the
        hardest.”

                                                          Let’s start by exploring the different
                                                          types of bankruptcies. There are three
                                                          different filings you can make: Chapter 7,
                                                          Chapter 11, and Chapter 13.




                                                                                                       34