


        Chapter 7

        Chapter 7 bankruptcy, sometimes call a straight bankruptcy is a liquidation
        proceeding. The debtor turns over all non-exempt property to the bankruptcy
        trustee who then converts it to cash for distribution to the creditors.

        The debtor receives a discharge of all dischargeable debts usually within four
        months. In the vast majority of cases the debtor has no assets that he would lose
        so Chapter 7 will give that person a relatively quick "fresh start".
        One of the main purposes of Bankruptcy Law is to give a person, who is
        hopelessly burdened with debt, a fresh start by wiping out his or her debts.

                                               New legislation has been passed regarding Chapter
                                               7 bankruptcies. Laws can vary from state to state,
                                               so you will want to check with someone who
                                               knows or do extensive research as to what is
                                               allowed to be discharged with a Chapter 7 and
                                               what is not.

        Essentially what the new laws ask of people who are filing a Chapter 7
        bankruptcy is twofold. First, they must take an approved credit counseling
        course within six months before filing. They must also complete an approved
        financial management course before any debts can be discharged.

        Even though those two new stipulations are in place, it is still relatively easy to
        file for a Chapter 7 bankruptcy. There are, of course, governmental “hoops” you
        will have to jump through which is why it is often a good idea to secure the
        services of a bankruptcy lawyer. However, it is possible for you to do this
        yourself as long as you do your research and “cross your T’s and dot your I’s”!

        What are the most common reasons given for filing a Chapter 7 bankruptcy?
        Well, of course, it’s the accumulation of excessive debt! But seriously, here are
        the most common reasons why people get into such debt:




                                                                                                    35