


            3. Return the vehicle, include any balance due in your bankruptcy and pay
               nothing further on the vehicle. The choice is yours.


        In 99% of the Chapter 7 cases, the person filing bankruptcy keeps all of their
        property. Bankruptcy law is not meant to punish you and allows you to keep your
        property under what are called "exemptions" or things you get to keep. You keep
        your car, your house, your jewelry, the boat, your clothing, everything!

        Of course, if you still owe a debt on anything like your car and your house, you
        should refer to the above scenario. If you want to discharge your car loan, you’ll
        have to either pay up or give up the car.


        Chapter 13

                                                             Another option for bankruptcy for
                                                             individuals is the Chapter 13. This is
                                                             more      commonly      known     as    a
                                                             reorganization bankruptcy. Chapter13
                                                             bankruptcy is filed by individuals who
                                                             want to pay off their debts over a period
                                                             of three to five years.

                                                             This type of bankruptcy appeals to
                                                             individuals who have non-exempt
                                                             property that they want to keep. It is
                                                             also only an option for individuals who
                                                             have predictable income and whose
                                                             income is sufficient to pay their
                                                             reasonable expenses with some amount
                                                             left over to pay off their debts.

        There are many reasons why people choose Chapter 13 bankruptcy instead of
        Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Generally, you are probably a good candidate for Chapter
        13 bankruptcy if you are in any of the following situations:


                                                                                                         37