


            1. You have a sincere desire to repay your debts, but you need the protection
               of the bankruptcy court to do so. You may think filing Chapter 13
               bankruptcy is simply the "Right Thing To Do" rather than file Chapter
            2. You are behind on your mortgage or car loan, and want to make up the
               missed payments over time and reinstate the original agreement. You
               cannot do this in Chapter 7 bankruptcy. You can make up missed
               payments only in Chapter 13 bankruptcy.
            3. You need help repaying your debts now, but need to leave open the
               option of filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the future. This would be the
               case if for some reason you can't stop incurring new debt.
            4. You are a family farmer who wants to pay off your debts, but you do not
               qualify for a Chapter 12 family farming bankruptcy because you have a
               large debt unrelated to farming.
            5. You have valuable nonexempt property. When you file for Chapter 7
               bankruptcy, you get to keep certain property, called exempt. If you have a
               lot of nonexempt property (which you'd have to give up if you file a
               Chapter 7 bankruptcy), Chapter 13 bankruptcy may be the better option.
            6. You received a Chapter 7 discharge within the previous eight years. You
               cannot file for Chapter 7 again until the eight years are up.


        A Chapter 13 can be filed if:


                 The debtor received a discharge under Chapter 7, 11 or 12 more than four
                 years ago.
                 The debtor received a discharge under Chapter 13 more than two years
                 ago.
                 You have a co-debtor on a personal debt. If you file for Chapter 7
                 bankruptcy, your creditor will go after the co-debtor for payment. If you
                 file for Chapter 13 bankruptcy, the creditor will leave your co-debtor alone,
                 as long as you keep up with your bankruptcy plan payments.




                                                                                                 38