


        Chapter 11

        A Chapter 11 bankruptcy is filed by businesses and is quite similar to a Chapter 13.
        A Chapter 11 is available for individuals, but it is generally used by businesses to
        reorganize their debts and dealings so that they can be more financially solid.
        When a troubled business is unable to service its debt or pay its creditors, they
        can file with a federal bankruptcy court for protection under either a Chapter 7 or
        a Chapter 11 bankruptcy.

                                                              In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, the business
                                                              must cease operation and a trustee will
                                                              sell all its assets and distribute the
                                                              proceeds to the business’s creditors
                                                              ratably in accordance with statutory
                                                              priorities.




        A Chapter 11 filing, on the other hand, is usually filed in a n attempt to stay in
        business while a bankruptcy court supervises the reorganization of the
        company’s contractual and debt obligations. The court can grant complete or
        partial relief from most of the company’s debts along with its contracts so that
        the company can make a fresh start.

        Often, if the company’s debts exceed its assets, then at the completion of the
        bankruptcy, the company’s owners or stockholders all end up with nothing. All
        their rights and interests are terminated and the company’s creditors end up with
        ownership of the newly reorganized company in the hopes that it will eventually
        succeed financially as compensation for their losses.

        So, in general, an individual bankruptcy will be under a Chapter 7 or Chapter 11.
        It’s a big decision for you to make, but sometimes, it’s the only way you can “get
        out from under” and begin anew.




                                                                                                        40