


        Before you resort to filing for a Chapter 7 or Chapter 11, consider the alternatives.
        Creditors might be willing to settle their claim for a smaller cash payment, or they
        might be willing to stretch out the loan and reduce the size of the payments. This
        would allow you to pay off the debt by making smaller payments over a longer
        period of time. The creditor would eventually receive the full economic benefit of
        its bargain.

        Occasionally, you may "buy time" by consolidating your debts; that is, by taking
        out a big loan to pay off all the smaller amounts of debts that you owe. The
        primary danger of this approach is that it is very easy to go out and use your
        credit cards to borrow even more.

        In that case, you end up with an even larger total debt and no more income to
        meet the monthly payments. Indeed, if you have taken out a second mortgage on
        your home to obtain the consolidation loan, you might lose your home as well.

        When there really is no other way out, you’ll need to file for a Chapter 7 personal
        bankruptcy. Try looking at it in a positive light, however.

        There are some advantages to filing for bankruptcy. By far the most important
        advantage is that debtors may obtain a fresh financial start. Consumers who are
        eligible for Chapter 7 may be forgiven (discharged from) most unsecured debts.




        A secured debt is one which the creditor is entitled to collect by seizing and
        selling certain assets of the debtor if payments are missed, such as a home
        mortgage or car loan. With those two major exceptions, most consumer debts
        are unsecured. You may be able to keep (that is, exempt) many of your assets,
        although state laws vary widely in defining which assets you may keep.

        Collection efforts must stop as soon as you file for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 or
        Chapter 13. As soon as your petition is filed, there is by law an automatic stay,
        which prohibits most collection activity.



                                                                                                41