


        If a creditor continues to try to collect the debt, the creditor may be cited for
        contempt of court or ordered to pay damages. The stay applies even to the loan
        that you may have obtained to buy your car.

                                                    If you continue to make payments, it is unlikely
                                                    that your creditor will do anything. However, if
                                                    you miss payments your creditor will probably
                                                    petition to have the stay lifted in order either
                                                    to repossess the car or to renegotiate the loan.
                                                    You cannot be fired from your job solely
                                                    because you filed for bankruptcy.




        Of course, there are disadvantages to filing for bankruptcy. Since your
        bankruptcy filing will remain on your credit record for up to ten years, it may
        affect your future finances. A bankruptcy is a troublesome item in your credit
        record, but often debtors who file already have a troublesome history.

        In one respect, bankruptcy may improve your credit records. Because Chapter 7
        provides for a discharge of debts no more than once every eight years, lenders
        know that a credit applicant who has just emerged from Chapter 7 cannot soon
        repeat the process.

        Research in this area has produced mixed results. A study by the Credit Research
        Center at Purdue University found that about one-third of consumers who filed
        for bankruptcy had obtained lines of credit within three years of filing; one-half
        had obtained them within five years.

        However, the new credit itself may reflect the record of bankruptcy. For example,
        if you might have been eligible for a bank card with a 14 percent rate before
        bankruptcy, the best card that you can get after bankruptcy might carry a rate of
        20 percent—or you might have to rely on a card secured by a deposit that you
        make with the credit card issuer.



                                                                                                       42