        Chapter            7Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Credit          Counselors
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher and Debt Consolidators
         These companies have started popping up everywhere. In fact, as I am writing
        this book, there is a commercial on television for yet another credit counseling
        company. It seems like they are everywhere. It also seems like they can really
        help you with your debt problems. But can they?

        There are some credit counseling agencies and debt consolidators that can
        actually help get people out of debt. But there are also others who are simply
        trying to get money (that you don’t have) without helping you at all.

                                     There is a difference between these two types of
                                     companies. Credit counselors will help you get out
                                     of debt and stay out of debt. That means that they
                                     will help you realize where you went wrong on the
                                     financial road and then help you get out of debt.
                                     After that, they will put you on a budget and offer
                                     services that can help you stay out of debt and live a
                                     financially stable life. Debt consolidation companies
                                     are different, though not entirely. They also will
                                     help you get out of debt, but they do so by working
                                     with your creditors to help combine all of your debts
                                     into one large debt with one monthly payment.

        That usually entails getting some type of loan on your behalf that will pay off your
        creditors and you will pay the loan company instead.

        Because of the services they provide, many people would rather go with a credit
        counseling service. That’s because they need someone to help them stay away
        from the mindset that got them into debt in the first place. There are many,
        many credit counseling companies out there.

        What do you need to look for in a reputable credit counseling company? Here
        are a few suggestions:




                                                                                               44