


                 They should be associated with the Better Business Bureau. The service's
                 website should have a BBB logo and a link to their record on the Better
                 Business Bureau website. Click through the link to check that there are no
                 unresolved complaints against them.
                 Many people only think about the Better Business Bureau after they've
                 been cheated, but by then there's not much you can do. Working with a
                 credit counseling agency that is a member of the Better Business Bureau
                 means that you can go to them to help mediate any dispute you might
                 have with the service provider.
                 Reputable credit counseling services will be accredited by an independent
                 nonprofit, just as many schools are. One such accreditation body is the
                 National Institute for Financial Counseling Education.
                 A good credit counseling agency will charge a small, reasonable monthly
                 fee, usually around $30. Some also charge a fee upfront, though this fee
                 should be reasonable (around $50 tops). It may be possible to get a
                 hardship waiver of these fees if you truly do not have the $30-50.
                 You will have to fill out an application when you decide to go with a credit
                 counseling agency. The application must clearly say what the fees to be
                 paid are, what the services to be provided are, and in what timeframe all
                 of this will be provided.
                 Run far, far away from any organization that proposes to "wipe out" your
                 debt for you, rather than simply helping you to repay the debt. Short of
                 your creditors just deciding to forget about the debt (unlikely), there is no
                 way to erase debt–even bankruptcy leaves a huge mark on your credit
                 report for ten years.
        True, your car may not go missing from your driveway if you stop paying
        unsecured debt (i.e., debt that is not "secured" with collateral, like most credit
        cards, unlike most auto loans). But you are still legally obligated to pay the debt,
        and the possibility of being taken to court will loom over you. You will likely be
        unable to get even "bad credit" financing if you still have debts in collections–
        good luck buying a car or house.




                                                                                                 45