


        Now let’s look at how a reputable credit counseling service will work. First, they
        will negotiate with your creditors to establish a debt management plan (DMP) for
        you. A DMP may help the debtor repay his or her debt by working out a
        repayment plan with the creditor.

        DMPs, set up by credit counselors, usually offer reduced payments, fees and
        interest rates to the client. Credit counselors refer to the terms dictated by the
        creditors to determine payments or interest reductions offered to consumers in a
        debt management plan.

        After joining a DMP, the creditors will close the customer’s accounts and restrict
        the accounts to future charges. The most common benefit of a DMP as
        advertised by most agencies is the consolidation of multiple monthly payments
        into just one monthly payment which is usually less than the sum of the
        individual payment previously paid by the customer.

        This is because the credit card banks will usually accept a lower monthly payment
        from a customer in a DMP than if the customer were paying the account on their
        own. Some DMPs advertise that payments can be cut by 50 % although a
        reduction of 10 to 20 percent is more common.

        The second feature of a DMP is a reduction in interest rates charged by creditors.
        A customer with a defaulted credit card account will often be paying an interest
        rate approaching 30 percent.

        Upon joining a DMP, credit card banks sometimes lower the annual percentage
        rates charged to 5 to 10 percent and a few will eliminate the interest altogether.

        This reduction in interest allows the counseling agencies to advertise that their
        customers will be debt free in periods of three to six years rather than the twenty
        plus years that it would take to pay off a large amount of debt at high interest
        rates. That’s a very attractive advantage – especially for people who are in debt
        quite a bit.




                                                                                              46