


                                                                 A third benefit offered by credit
                                                                 counseling agencies is the process of
                                                                 bringing delinquent accounts current.
                                                                 This is often called “re-aging” or
                                                                 “curing” an account. This usually
                                                                 occurs after making a series of on-
                                                                 time payments through the DMP as a
                                                                 show of good faith and commitment
                                                                 to completion of the program.

        For example, a client with an account that has a monthly payment of $50 but that
        monthly payment has not been paid in two months might be considered by the
        creditor to be 60 days past due.

        After joining the DMP and making three consecutive on-time monthly payments,
        the creditor could “re-age” the account to reflect a current status.

        After that, the monthly payment due on the statements would be the monthly
        payment negotiated by the DMP and the account would be reported as current
        to the credit bureaus.

        Now this process does not eliminate the prior delinquencies from the credit
        reports.

        What is does is merely give a fresh start and opportunity for the client to begin
        building a positive credit history. Like all negative credit information, only the
        passage of time will lessen the impact of the negative marks when credit scores
        are calculated.

        So how do credit counseling companies make money? They do charge a fee to
        you for their services, and it is important for you to get all of that information in
        writing before you sign on the dotted line. However, this fee is not usually
        enough to make them a huge profit.




                                                                                                         47