


        The credit counseling companies make most of their compensation from the
        creditors to whom the debt payments are distributed. This funding relationship
        has led many to believe that credit counseling agencies are merely a collections
        wing of the creditors.
        This fee income, known as “Fair Share,” consists of contributions from the
        creditors that originally earned the agency 15% of the amount recovered.
        However, in recent years, Fair Share contributions have dwindled steadily, with
        contributions of 4-10% being the most common.

        There is a lot of criticism, in fact, when it comes to credit counseling agencies and
        their effectiveness as well as legality. The Federal Trade Commission has filed
        lawsuits against several credit counseling agencies, and they continue to urge
        caution to consumers when it comes to choosing a credit counseling agency.

        The FTC has received over 8,000 complaints from consumers about shady credit
        counselors. Many of those complaints concern high or hidden fees along with
        the inability to opt out of so-called “voluntary” contributions. The Better
        Business Bureau also reports high complaint levels about credit counseling.

        Not surprisingly, the IRS has also weighed in on the subject of credit counseling
        and has denied non-profit, tax-exempt status to around thirty of the nation’s
        1,000 credit counseling agencies. Those thirty agencies account for more than
        half of the industry’s revenue. Audits of non-profit credit counseling agencies by
        the IRS are ongoing.

        The lobby against credit counselors arises from the belief by the collection
        industry that the not-for-profit status of the credit counselors gives them an
        unfair financial and market advantage over them. The IRS apparently agrees.

        The tax exempt revocations seem to be centered on whether or not a tax exempt
        credit counselor actually performed their mandated mission by assisting the
        community at large as opposed to offering their whole attention to their own
        DMP customers in a “collection practice”. However, that has yet to be proven.




                                                                                                48