


        Congress has also investigated the credit counseling industry and has issued a
        report that says while some agencies are ethical, others charge excessive fees
        and provide poor service to consumers.

        The report also states that NFCC member guidelines, if applied to the entire
        industry, would go a long way toward eliminating the abuses they have
        uncovered in other parts of the industry.

        When it comes to debt consolidation companies, you are talking about an
        entirely different concept. What a debt consolidation company does is negotiate
        with creditors to get a lower pay-off amount for your debts and then obtain a
        loan on your behalf to pay off those creditors allowing you to make just one
        payment instead of multiple ones.

        The two types of companies are similar in nature, but with debt consolidation,
        the only thing they do is negotiate with credit lenders and then get you one
        payment instead of many. They do charge a fee for their services as well just as
        the credit counseling companies do.

        The thing about debt consolidation companies is that they do what you can do
        yourself with just a little bit of work. You can call your creditors and negotiate a
        pay-off balance for your accounts and then obtain your own loan as a debt
        consolidation loan. Even if you have less than perfect credit, most banks and
        lending institutions will have debt consolidation loans available to almost
        everyone.

        Really, the bottom line when considering either a debt consolidation company or
        a credit counselor is to weight the advantages and disadvantages first. Then
        check out the company you are considering to make sure they are reputable.

        These types of companies can really and truly help people who are seriously in
        debt. But proceed with caution and choose wisely lest you get yourself involved
        in yet another problem besides your debt!




                                                                                               49