        Chapter            8Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Mistakes
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750Can
                                                        Or HigherBe Made



        As we’ve said before, your credit report is very important to you as well as your
        credit score. People are human and the information contained in your credit
        report is entered in by human hands. Sometimes those hands make mistakes.

        Maybe you paid off a past due bill and it’s still showing on your credit report as
        delinquent. There are all sorts of things that can be reflected incorrectly on your
        credit report, so it’s important that you take steps to make corrections as soon as
        you can.

        The first thing you need to do is check over your report and dispute any old
        negative reports you can find. Say that fight with your phone company over an
        unfair bill a few years ago resulted in a collections account. You can continue
        protesting that the charge was unjust, or you can try disputing the account with
        the credit bureaus as "not mine."

        The older and smaller a collection account, the more likely the collection agency
        won't bother to verify it when the credit bureau investigates your dispute. Some
        consumers also have had luck disputing old items with a lender that has merged
        with another company, which can leave lender records a real mess.

                                           If there are significant errors on your credit
                                           report, you need to be sure and get them
                                           removed right away. However, there are also
                                           some mistakes that you can ignore and it won’t
                                           impact you negatively. Your credit score is
                                           calculated based on the information in your
                                           credit report, so certain errors there can really
                                           cost you. But not everything that's reported in
                                           your file matters to your score.




                                                                                               51