


        However, if it's just a goof by the credit bureau or one of the companies reporting
        to it, it's usually not much to sweat about. Two more items you don't need to
        correct:

                 Accounts you closed listed as being open.
                 Accounts you closed that don't say "closed by consumer."


        Closing accounts can't help your score, and may hurt it. If your goal is boosting
        your score, leave these alone. Once an account has been closed, though, it
        doesn't matter to the scoring formulas that did it -- you or the lender. If you
        messed up the account, it will be obvious from the late payments and other
        derogatory information included in the file. So say you’ve found some significant
        errors on your credit report and you need to correct them. There are certain
        steps you need to take in order to make sure that the error is corrected and
        ultimately removed from your report.


            1. Make a copy of your credit report and circle every item you believe is
               incorrect.

            2. Write a letter to the reporting agency (the address will be printed on the
               report). Explain each dispute and request an investigation to resolve the
               issues. If you have supporting paperwork, send it along, coding pages to
               match dispute paragraphs. Do not send your originals.

            3. Send all materials by certified mail, return receipt requested, so that you
               can prove the packet was received.

            4. Send a similar letter of dispute to the creditor whose reporting statements
               you disagree with. Refer to a billing statement to find the correct address
               for disputes, because it's usually different from the payment address.

        If your dispute involves personal information, such as your current address,
        enclose a copy of your driver's license or a utility bill in your name to verify your
        residence.


                                                                                                53