


        The reporting agency will initiate an investigation, contacting your creditors to
        verify the accuracy of the information. If the creditor cannot verify that the entry
        is correct, it must be removed. When the investigation is complete, the agency
        must send you a free copy of your report if changes were made. If the
        investigation uncovers an error, you have the right to ask that a corrected version
        of your credit report be sent to everyone who received the report during the past
        six months.

        It’s a good idea to contact your creditor first, then allow a bit of lead time before
        you submit the dispute to the reporting agency. By the time the dispute is
        verified, the creditor will hopefully have corrected the error .You can also make
        changes online directly with the credit reporting agency. When you are on their
        website, they will usually have links that allow you to click a button to dispute
        incorrect information.

        You can initiate an investigation from many online credit reports by following the
        links provided and checking the disputed items as directed. There sometimes isn't
        a place for remarks--you'll simply check a multiple-choice reason for each dispute.
        If the credit reporting agency says the original information is accurate, it must
        provide you with a written notice that includes the name, address, and phone
        number of the person who made the report. If you still disagree, initiate a second
        investigation. Unfortunately, in the real world the reporting agencies often try to
        sidestep that requirement, giving you standard, computer-generated information
        rather than the facts you need to find the person or department who made the
        negative report.

        Keep plugging away until you have the answer you're looking for. If your
        attempts to correct an entry are unsuccessful, you can ask the reporting agency
        to insert a 100-character explanation next to it that explains your side of the
        story. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the credit bureau is required to solve
        the problem in a reasonable amount of time, generally 30 days.

        If you feel that a credit bureau has not responded promptly and fairly to your
        situation, contact the attorney general of your state or the Federal Trade
        Commission in Washington at 202-FTC-HELP.


                                                                                                54