


        If you are disputing something on your credit report, you might want to try the
        following sample letter in your attempts at the next page.


                    Date
                    Your Name
                    Your Address
                    Your City, State, Zip Code

                    Complaint Department
                    Name of Company
                    Address
                    City, State, Zip Code

                    Dear Sir or Madam:

                    I am writing to dispute the following information in my file. The
                    items I dispute also are encircled on the attached copy of the
                    report I received.

                    This item (identify item(s) disputed by name of source, such as
                    creditors or tax court, and identify type of item, such as credit
                    account, judgment, etc.) is (inaccurate or incomplete) because
                    (describe what is inaccurate or incomplete and why). I am
                    requesting that the item be deleted (or request another
                    specific change) to correct the information.

                    Enclosed are copies of (use this sentence if applicable and
                    describe any enclosed documentation, such as payment
                    records, court documents) supporting my position. Please
                    investigate this (these) matter(s) and (delete or correct) the
                    disputed item(s) as soon as possible.

                    Sincerely,
                    Your name

                  Enclosures:
        Another great    reason(List
                                 for what youtabs
                                     keeping   are on
                                                   enclosing)
                                                      your credit report as much as possible
        is the possibility of identity theft. It happens all the time and often the only way
        you’ll know it has happened to you is to check your credit report.


                                                                                               55