        Chapter            9Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Identity              Theft
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher and Your Credit



        Criminals know the way to steal your identity, and the worst part is that it’s not
        all that difficult. You know all those credit card applications you get in the mail?
        If you don’t shred them, they can use that to steal your identity.

        It’s not above them to sift through garbage just to obtain a social security number
        or a driver’s license number. Once they have these vital bits of information, it’s
        easy for them to steal your identity.

                                           What they will do is scary. They will apply for
                                           credit cards in your name and max them out
                                           within days. They will obtain loans in your
                                           name and never make a payment. Then the
                                           loan company comes after you for the money.
                                           It’s something that affects millions and millions
                                           of people each year and it can be a real mess
                                           when it comes to your credit report.

                                           As many as 85 percent of all identity theft
                                           victims find out about the crime only when
                                           they are denied credit or employment,
                                           contacted by the police, or have to deal with
                                           collection agencies, credit cards, and bills.

         A study on the aftermath of an identity theft by the nonprofit Identity Theft
        Resource Center found that victims spend 600 hours recovering from the crime
        because they must contact and work with credit cards, banks, credit bureaus, and
        law enforcement. The time can add up to as much as $16,000 in lost wages or
        income.

        The number of reported cases of identity theft is increasing steadily. There is no
        one reason for this, but rather this is due to several ways in which our lives have
        changed in recent years, all of which make it easier for people to obtain our
        personal information.




                                                                                               56