


        In the United States, Social Security numbers are used more commonly as a
        means of identification. The Internet has made the transmission of personal
        information easy and, at times, less secure. Online retailers store our credit card
        information and contact information in databases we assume to be secured.

        Marketing databases not only contain personal information, but they aggregate
        information on our spending habits as well as contact information. But
        potentially nefarious employees of these companies could have access to that
        information. They can then sell it online in chat rooms where criminals meet to
        swap information.

        Even in the days of e-mail and instant messaging, the postal mail can also play a
        surprising role in identity theft. Checks can be stolen from the outgoing mail.
        Credit card companies bombard their customers and potential customers with
        pre-approved offers that need very little personal information to complete.

        Credit card issuers also send what they call "courtesy checks" to customers who
        can use them to make charges on a card. Many experts consider them an
        invitation to identity theft.

        One of the increasingly common ways that criminals try to obtain personal
        information is by using what is called a "phishing attack." If you have e-mail, the
        chances are good someone has tried to get you to bite.

                                       Phishing combines a criminal attempt at obtaining
                                       personal information with another plague of the Internet
                                       age — spam. Potential victims receive an e-mail from
                                       what appears to a bank, an online payment company like
                                       PayPal, or a retailer like eBay or Amazon.com. The
                                       message is usually sent using HTML e-mail and, when
                                       opened, uses company logos and symbols to make it
                                       appear to be legitimate.




                                                                                                  57