


        The e-mail asks the receiver for user names, passwords, account numbers, or
        some other type of personal information by saying they are updating records or
        something related to their account requires their attention. The e-mail usually
        links to a site that also appears to be legitimate using logos and other symbols of
        a real company, where visitors are asked to supply the information.

        The first step to avoid becoming the victim of a phishing attack is to know what
        companies do business with you by e-mail and familiarizing yourself with the
        types information they request and how they request it.

        What you will likely learn quickly is that, while online retailers you frequent and
        financial services firms you use online often send you e-mail to make you aware
        of new products or services, or even to alert you when your online bill is ready to
        be viewed, they rarely if ever ask for any information from you.

        Banks and financial services firms will never ask you for any personal information
        via e-mail because e-mail can be notoriously insecure. So any e-mail asking you
        for personal or account information, such as passwords, Social Security numbers,
        PINs, credit or check card numbers, or other confidential information should be
        deemed suspicious.

        Often the sender of a phishing e-mail may appear to be legitimate, but e-mail
        addresses are easily spoofed. Just look at the amount of spam you probably get
        that appears to be from friends, co-workers, or even yourself.

        If a phishing e-mail directs you to a link using an HTML e-mail, the text of the link
        may appear to be legitimate, but following that link often brings you to a Web
        site where the URL (in your Web browser's location bar) is often an IP address
        (basically numbers separated by periods, like 128.0.0) or a site other than the
        institution you think sent you the e-mail.

        Often a sense of urgency is conveyed in the e-mail, such as an alert saying your
        account will be closed if you don't provide information. Take a moment and don’t
        fall for this.



                                                                                                58