


        A close look at the body of the e-mail itself may reveal typos, misspellings, or
        horrendously poor grammar. One reason for this is that many phishing attacks
        are launched from overseas, and many are believed to be related to international
        organized crime.

        Despite all the attention phishing has received of late, there remains precious
        little enforcement of the widespread problem and there are simply too many
        attacks to handle. It is an easy buck for online criminals.

        We already covered many of the ways you can detect a phishing attack, but there
        are several simple steps you can take to keep your private information safe that
        bear discussion. Experts say that educating consumers not to follow links in e-
        mails is a good way to help them avoid phishing attacks. Rather than following a
        link in an e-mail, open a browser and go to the site of the retailer or bank in
        question.

        When submitting personal information like credit card numbers, you can ensure
        you are using a secure connection by looking for "https://" in front of the site's
        location on your browser rather than "http://."

        Speaking of your browser, make sure it is up to date with the latest security
        patches. If you use Microsoft's Internet Explorer, visit WindowsUpdate.com to
        see if you need any updates.

        Here are some simple software tools you can use to help guard against online
        identity theft:


                 CoreStreet makes a free product called SpoofStick. It's a browser
                 extension for both the Internet Explorer and FireFox Web browsers that
                 helps users avoid spoofed Web sites. If you do follow a link in a suspicious
                 e-mail, SpoofStick can tell you if the Web site you visit really is the Web
                 site you think you are visiting.




                                                                                                59