


                 The EarthLink toolbar, which is also free to Internet users, has a feature
                 called ScamBlocker. EarthLink keeps a database of known phishers, and if
                 you visit a page known to be operated by a phisher it will alert you right in
                 your browser.


        Unfortunately, correcting your credit report when you have become a victim of
        identity theft is no easy proposition. But with some patience and a lot of work,
        you can recover from identity theft and restore your credit report.

        Identity theft can result in damage to your credit rating - damage that could take
        years to fix. Generally, victims of credit and banking fraud are liable for no more
        than the first $50 of the loss. In many cases, the victim will not be required to pay
        any part of the loss.

                                     To reduce your risk of identity theft, protect personal
                                     information and do not carry your Social Security card with
                                     you. Shred items that contain your personal information
                                     and account numbers. Keep your mail safe and store your
                                     personal information in a safe place. Order your credit
                                     report at least once a year to make sure no one is using
                                     your identity to open accounts.

        If you think your identity has been stolen, take the following steps:

                 Contact the three major credit bureaus. Contact the fraud departments of
                 all of the three major credit departments to place a fraud alert on your
                 credit file. The initial fraud alert is for 90 days. You can ask for an
                 extended fraud alert if you file a police report.
                 Close accounts. Close the accounts that you know or believe have been
                 tampered with or opened fraudulently.
                 File a police report. Get a copy of the report to submit to your creditors
                 and others who require proof of the crime.




                                                                                                   60