


                 File your complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FTC
                 maintains a database of identity theft cases, which is used by law
                 enforcement agencies for investigations. Filing a complaint also helps us
                 learn more about identity theft and the problems it causes victims.
                 Armed with your police report, FTC affidavit, and sample letters, you
                 must contact your creditors to alert them to the situation. In addition to
                 obvious creditors like your credit card issuers, don't forget utility
                 companies, wireless phone provider, and your ISP.
                 Also remember any private label credit cards to department stores, for
                 example. Don't forget about other personal documents. If your passport
                 was stolen, for example, or if you have reason to believe someone is using
                 a passport in your name, contact the State Department.


        When you are trying to correct your credit report due to identity theft, you will
        have to provide information that proves you are you. That means digging out
        your birth certificate and making a lot of copies of your driver’s license and social
        security card. You’ll also have to try and prove that you didn’t make the
        purchases that the thief or thieves did.

        When you have become a victim of identity theft through phishing, this becomes
        a real problem as these purchases can be made anywhere with a few strokes of
        the keyboard, so proving that the purchases were made by someone other than
        you can be a real headache.

        Just try to be patient and point out to the company or companies who say you
        owe them money that you have filed a police report as well as a report with the
        FTC and that you have been a victim in other places as well.

        As we’ve said, it will take time, but it can be done. Your credit rating and credit
        score is very important, so taking the time to do will pay off in the long run.




                                                                                                61