        Chapter            10
        Credit Score Secrets:     - Tricks
                              Simple Raising
                                           To Scoring 750Your
                                                         Or Higher Credit Score



                                   Let’s say you want to buy a house but your credit score
                                   is somewhere around 675 instead of 720 which will get
                                   you the best rate on a home loan. If you want to raise
                                   your credit score quickly, there are some steps you can
                                   take that can guarantee a great home loan or any other
                                   credit line for that matter.

        The mantra for getting a great score is pay your bills on time, keep account
        balances low, and take out new credit only when you need it. People who do
        that faithfully have very high scores.

        It usually means you're being conservative and cautious about credit. It's not a
        toy and it shouldn't be a hobby.

        That's good advice, to be sure, but these actions take a long time. What if you're
        house hunting and you just need a few extra points to bump you over the line to
        the great rates? As we’ve said before, the first place to start is with your credit
        report. Check it over and find out what your credit score is right now.

        You will want to concentrate mostly on correcting any errors by taking the steps
        we’ve outlined above. Look for errors such as accounts that aren't yours, late
        payments that were actually paid on time, debts you paid off that are shown as
        outstanding, or old debts that shouldn't be reported any longer. Negatives are
        supposed to be deleted after seven years, with the exception of bankruptcies,
        which can stay for as long as 10 years.

        After repairing errors, the fastest route to a better score is paying down balances
        on credit cards. There's really no silver bullet, but over 60 day’s time, it is
        possible to increase your score 20 points by paying down your credit lines.

        Had a few late payments in your past? If you find yourself in some financial
        difficulties, you can protect your score by making sure your payments don't go 60
        days past due. Some lenders don't report 30 days past due, but they all report 60
        days past due.



                                                                                              63