


        Even if you've paid your bills late in the past, you can improve your credit score
        by paying every bill on time from now on. Forget about grace periods. If you
        want to have a really good record with the credit agencies, pay your debt before
        it's due and keep your balances low.
        One thing you shouldn't do if you're just trying to boost your score is close
        unused accounts. If someone tells you to close unused accounts to improve your
        score, they're pulling your leg. It won't help you and it can actually hurt you.

        Closing unused accounts without paying down your debt changes your utilization
        ratio, which is the amount of your total debt divided by your total available credit.
        You appear closer to maxing out your accounts. That's why your score can drop.
        It doesn't mean people shouldn't close them, but don't close them to improve
        your score.

        If you do cut up cards, though, leave the oldest one open. The length of your
        credit history is another factor in your score. If you close the account of the credit
        card you got when you were a freshman in college and leave open the ones you
        just got within the last couple years, it makes you look like a much newer
        borrower.

        Another strategy for bringing up your score is to transfer balances from a card
        that's close to being maxed out to other cards to even out your usage. You can
        also just spread out your charges between a few cards. Try to get the usage on
        all of them at 20 to 30 percent instead of a bunch at zero and one at 80 percent.
        You're not spending less; you're just shifting it around to different cards.

        Transferring the balance to a card with a lower utilization could help, but it's
        much better to actually pay down the debt if you have the cash kicking around.

        If you're really into finessing the system, check your credit report to see what day
        of the month your creditors send updates on payments to the credit bureaus.
        They're rarely on the same cycle as your payment due date.




                                                                                                 64