        Chapter 11 - To Review



        The very first thing that you must do in order to raise your credit score is to order
        your free annual credit report and find out what your credit score is. Once you
        have obtained copies of your credit reports from all three credit reporting
        agencies: Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion, you must take the time to go over
        those reports to check for errors and inconsistencies.

        It is imperative that you correct any mistakes or inconsistencies as soon as
        possible. This is the most pro-active step you can take for yourself to increase
        your credit score as mistakes can and do happen.

        Look for accounts that were previously delinquent but which have since been
        paid off. Find any accounts that were closed or any accounts that aren’t yours.
        Then take steps to correct those errors by contacting the credit bureaus and
        beginning the process in writing to have these errors removed from the report.
        This alone can raise your credit score.

        Checking your credit report often can also indicate if you have become a victim of
        identity theft which is something that is happening over and over again with
        frightening frequency. It affects millions of people and can wreak havoc with
        your credit rating.

        Correcting the problem of identity theft is a process that will take quite some
        time, but it can be done with patience and excellent documentation. You should
        definitely be contacting the FTC and filing a police report in this situation so that
        you credibility cannot be called into question.

        In the above section, we discussed extensively the option of filing for bankruptcy.
        This should be done only as a last resort and if you are in dire financial straits that
        cannot be solved if you just don’t have the means to pay off your debts.

        Filing for bankruptcy doesn’t have the stigma attached to it that it once did and is
        nothing to be ashamed of. While it’s true that the bankruptcy will remain on
        your credit report for up to ten years, lenders know that you will not be able to
        file for bankruptcy again within that time frame, so you may actually be able to
        obtain credit anyway after a bankruptcy.


                                                                                                  66