


        Before you resort to a bankruptcy filing, you can first try getting the advice of a
        credit counselor to help get you back on track when it comes to your money
        problems.

        Find a reputable company that provides results and know that you will be paying
        a small fee for this service, but one that will probably be worth it in the end.
        Credit counseling companies not only work with your creditors to secure lower
        repayment rates, but they provide financial planning advice for you to use in the
        future so you are not put in the same situation you were in before.

        If you do have steady income, you may want to look into a debt consolidation
        loan. That way you can pay off your creditors and make one monthly payment to
        one company instead of several monthly payments to several companies. There
        are also companies who can help with debt consolidation loans although you can
        certainly do it on your own.

        They can, however, secure loans for you with a lower interest rate and shop
        around to different companies to find you the best debt consolidation loan and
        help you get out of debt.

        If you have bad credit, expect to take about a year or two to get it up to a better
        credit rating. How do you do this? Let’s review:

                 Pay your bills on time. This alone will show good faith to your creditors
                 and have a positive effect on your credit rating.
                 Don’t use credit at all if possible. That means cutting up your credit cards
                 and paying cash for the things you need.
                 You may want to keep one credit card that you can use for emergencies –
                 but remember that it is for emergencies only. Keep the oldest card you
                 have as that shows you are not newly applying for credit.




                                                                                                67