


                 A good idea for not using that one credit card is to freeze it in a block of
                 ice. It won’t damage the card and it will require thawing before you can
                 use it. That way, you will have to wait before making a purchase thus
                 eliminating the lure of an impulse purchase.
                 Don’t apply for new lines of credit at all. The only time you should ever be
                 applying for credit when you are financial straits is if you need to make a
                 big purchase such as a vehicle or home.
                 Monitor your credit report faithfully and immediately correct any mistakes
                 that you find.
                 If you find that you cannot make a payment on time, call your creditor and
                 explain the circumstances. If you have been a good customer, they may
                 be willing to accept a late payment and waive the late fees. Try not to do
                 this too often as it can reflect poorly on your payment history.
                 If you have little to no credit, you can establish credit by obtaining a
                 department store or gas credit card. Then you make a few purchases and
                 pay the balance off immediately.
                 Be very careful when making
                 purchases online. Make sure that
                 when you are entering in your credit
                 card number it is done on a web site
                 that starts with https://. The “s” at
                 the end of the http designation
                 shows that it is a secure sight that
                 will keep your information private.


                 Beware of “phishing” e-mails that direct you to a separate site where you
                 are asked to provide personal information. This is how many identity
                 thieves obtain your bank account or credit card numbers and they can run
                 up horrendous bills in a few moments of time.
                 If you want to obtain a large loan as for a vehicle, you may want to try and
                 get a co-signer who has good credit. Their good name and credit history
                 can help you get the loan and build your credit at the same time.


                                                                                                68