        Conclusion



        Like we said at the beginning of this book, we are a country in debt. One person I
        know once told me that it was “The American Way” to buy things on credit and
        then owe people money. While that might not be the best way to think about it,
        when the price of things like vehicles and homes is well beyond what we would
        be able to pay cash for, we have to face the reality that credit is necessary.


        In all actuality, the concept of credit has actually been around for a very long time.
        Anyone who is a fan of “Little House on the Prairie” knows that when the Ingalls
        would go to the General Store, they would always put their items “on account”
        which would be paid later – usually when the crops were in or Paw got paid from
        his various jobs.

        Back then, credit reports and credit scores weren’t necessary. It was an
        unwritten rule that the accounts would eventually be paid. A man’s word was his
        name and their name meant everything back then. Collection agencies weren’t
        necessary and accounts always got paid even if took some time. The shop
        owners didn’t worry and were willing to wait. It was the law of the settlers albeit
        and unwritten one!

        Then we continued to want more and more in our lives and “stuff” became
        almost necessary in our minds. As time passed, accounts weren’t being paid and
        businesses were asked to take hits from people who reneged on their
        agreements.

        This brings us to where we are today: a nation in debt. Even the Federal
        Government is in debt. It only goes to follow that citizens would be in debt too.

        That said, we know we need credit to obtain the things we need – and often
        those that we don’t. Credit card companies are preying on people at a younger
        and younger age. That puts young people alarmingly in debt before they even
        get to the legal drinking age.




                                                                                                 71