                 CHAPTER 1: CREATE A BUSINESS THAT GETS CREDIT EASILY

                                                      G u r u
                                                        Says…

              “A properly organized company will bear many fruits from the business credit tree.”



                                 The Wisdom Behind How the IRS Views You

      In our world, the IRS cares about one thing and one thing only: getting paid what’s owed to them. They
      couldn’t care less as to who is doing the paying as long as someone, or something, pays them what’s
      owed. There is an entire world of wisdom in that realization yet it escapes many business owners.
      Instead, many entrepreneurs start off in the wrong direction right away by assuming that their business and
      they are one and the same. They’re not. The IRS doesn’t seem to want to agree with that idea. So why
      should you? You are a separate entity from your business unless you’re a sole proprietor.


                                                   G u r u Tip
       Sole Proprietorships usually come with big and often dire consequences to the entrepreneur in the
                                           realm of business credit.

                                            G u r u Recommendation
                                              “Stay Away from Them!”


      Let’s clarify. When you go to a CPA to file taxes at year’s end, the IRS taxes both you and the business.
      Of course, it’s a lot more complicated than that, but the IRS already knows that (unless you are sole
      proprietorship) you and your business are two different entities. They treat you like two different entities.
      This is advantageous. If your business is separate from you, then so should be your business credit. Our
      goal in creating business credit is simply to get everyone to view us as separate entities, and not just
      the IRS.

      Our dilemma of course is that initially credit bureaus, banks and other merchants don’t view us as separate
      entities. They don’t behave like the IRS in allowing you to separate yourself from your business at the
      onset. In this case, it is not to their advantage. They don’t have any security in the business as it has not



