      produced any revenues and don’t have a track history of prompt payments. What’s worse is that
      throughout the life of a business, most owners won’t do enough to separate themselves from the business.

      Business owners are so busy creating revenues (as they should be) or lining up funding that the world of
      business credit is as foreign a concept to them as nuclear engineering. Remember when you were young
      and your parents told you that establishing good credit history will save you a lot of headache and money
      over the years? Well they were right! The Guru is now telling you that as an entrepreneur establishing
      credit history for your business is just as important and if not more important than your personal
      credit history.

      Your business is a source of income for you. A way to pay bills and perhaps one day lead a lifestyle you
      read about in books or watch in movies. The only thing you can count on for income after yourself (and
      perhaps your spouse) is your business. And as such, it should be treated with respect, nurtured, regularly
      monitored, and cultivated.

      I can’t tell you the number of times I get business owners who want credit after being in operation for 3
      years and haven’t ever taken a look at a copy of their business credit report. I think this is just amazing
      and massively detrimental. Some have no other source of income other than the business yet when I
      mention things such as “Your business credit score is too low” or “There are tax liens on your business
      credit profile” they get insulted, frustrated and of course angry. The reason being is that most of the time
      when someone *really* wants business credit, it’s at the 11th hour when they’ve finally gotten an
      opportunity to buy something at wholesale prices from a foreign source, or a large purchase order from a
      major manufacturer. And as we all know, anything done in the 11th hour is expensive, frustrating and
      often bears ill results.


                                                   G u r u Tip
         Not Being Aware of Your Business Credit Score is a Recipe for 11th Hour Frustrations and Let
                                                  Downs

                                           G u r u Recommendation
        “Regardless of whether you are starting a knitting shop selling your blankets for $4.99 a pop or a
         software company trying to secure it’s first $30M in seed money, stay AWARE of your business
                                                      credit!”



