                                                Unwise Business Ideas

      There are a few things you need to stay away from as far as startup ideas are concerned. The reasons for
      this are simple. As a startup you’re already viewed as a risk. 90% of startups fail in their first year, and so
      vendors are leery of new businesses. If I was selling laptops and you came up to me to let me know
      you’re A) a startup B) would like a credit line C) don’t want to give me a personal guarantee D) don’t
      want me to check your credit and E) want me to only hold the company responsible for repayment, I’d
      wish you the best of luck and walk away.

      I suppose it’s a good thing that I don’t run Dell, Home Depot and Staples, because they’ll honor that kind
      of request, but we’ll get into that later. Right now let’s concentrate on getting some basics out of the way
      so the remainder of the path isn’t confusing. There are a few business ideas that seem like they’re home
      runs on paper but in truth are going to lead you into some serious credit problems down the road.

      If you’re starting up and looking for business ideas, these are a few to stay away from. If you’ve got a
      multi billion dollar plan for one of these ideas, I definitely don’t want to tell you to abandon it. Just know
      that the deck is stacked against you as many people will refuse to deal with you on ethical, legal or
      financial accountability basis. Here they are:

              i.   Anything associated with Adult Entertainment
             ii.   Online Gambling Casinos
            iii.   A Business that buys/sells Financial Notes
            iv.    A Real Estate Investment Firm (my personal favorite)

      The first category, Adult Entertainment, doesn’t really need to be explained in too much depth so I’ll skip
      it. Just know that putting anything remotely associated with the industry is automatic grounds for denial
      for most banking credit and quite a few merchants as well.

      The second category is where it gets interesting. A while ago, I got approached by a group of young kids
      trying to startup an online casino; they called it “poker school”, and wanted to amass large credit lines to
      handle their cash inflows and outflows. Apparently these guys were some local poker sharks in the area
      and had amassed quite a bit of money as they were talking about paying someone $50K to set up a shelf
      company (discussed later) and get some credit going for them. They heard about me from one of my
      Apprentices turned Guru and were really excited about my methods.

      At the time, I had never considered going down this road for a potential client base and was a bit excited
      by the challenge. I called around a few banks and got one of my trusted expert credit officers on the line
      and discussed the idea with him. He flat out told me that 99% of the banks he knew of would consider
      this request simply because of their industry. I was quite taken aback. Apparently gambling institutions
      are not a hot ticket item for banks despite the obvious cash flow implications. Some banks won’t even let
      these institutions open up checking accounts.


