      Sole Proprietorships

      In the world of Gurus and Credit Grantors, Sole Proprietorships are always a sign of hidden problems. As
      an entrepreneur, they do little for you. They offer limited protection from any lawsuits and do not create a
      separate business identity aside of a tax ID number and a starting platform for doing business. Typically, I
      consider these the lazy way to be in business.

      As I said earlier, I advise against Sole Proprietorships. Things such as personal tax liens and collections
      can easily be reflected in your business credit profile. Your personal credit will rebound quickly from
      these types of faux pas, but your business credit will not. There are plenty of entrepreneurs out there who
      have operated for years as a sole proprietorship and then decide to incorporate as either an S or C
      corporation. In my professional experience, 80% of this group often has hidden liens, judgments and
      collections that are showing not only against their personal credit but also on their business credit. These
      are rather difficult to eliminate, so why even bother with the hassle?

                                            G u r u Recommendation
                       “Don’t be lazy. If your business is producing income; incorporate.”


      Partnerships

      These are a better option for business credit rather than sole proprietorships, but still have some serious
      limitations. First limitation is that a partnership is again, a “de facto” way to be in business without really
      taking the time to incorporate. Hence, it too, offers little protection. Each partner is considered a sole and
      separate entity that is joined with the other(s) to transact under one Tax ID number. This advice is of
      course limited to small business entrepreneurs and not established corporations that decided to form a
      partnership agreement to do business under.

      The problem we often run into here though is that Credit Grantors usually look at the partners as equal
      shares in the company. This may work against those in the situation where one partner’s credit score is
      terrible (we’re going to need credit scores to get business lines of credit and credit cards). In that case,
      little if anything can be done.

      Corporations

      There are two types, S and C corporations. Despite the common perception that C is better than S in
      business credit decisions, I have never experienced any proof of why this is or if it’s even a valid
      statement. Both are fine. And both leave quite a bit of wiggle room when a business owner has bad credit
      scores. Getting alternative guarantors on corporations is easy as updating with the state’s filing status and
      appropriate papers and then waiting for seasoning requirements by banks.



