      (Commercial Credit Score and Financial Stress Score). The Paydex can be built to really high levels
      but in the end it’s PART of the entire picture, not all of it.


                                      Some Basic Business Credit Concepts

      Most suppliers (or vendors), such as office supply stores, gas stations, computer outfits, usually use DNB
      to grant store credit to a given legal entity. In other words, if I was to create a brand new C-corporation in
      state of California with a DUNS #, I can request a store credit card or credit line from RadioShack or
      OfficeMax with nothing more than my DUNS# and my incorporation papers. Usually, no credit checks
      are used and in quite a few cases personal credit information is not even requested. When a retail business
      grants credit to be used within its chain of stores (I’m using the word stores loosely, it can mean anything
      from gas stations, office supply stores, etc) I call it vendor or merchant credit.

      Vendor credit can be easily and quickly built from a slew of well known vendors as big as Staples and
      Texaco, to ghost stores that don’t sell any products but can be used to inflate the size of your credit lines.
      This latter of type of credit is often associated with shelf companies that we will discuss in depth in later
      chapters of this book. For the time being it is sufficient to know that the concept exists.

      Bank credit, unlike vendor credit, is a parallel concept to credit cards. Banks give unsecured (as in they
      do not encumber any asset) credit lines to organizations that are within the bank’s credit risk. Depending
      on various banks, the risk assigned to a specific borrowing entity may entirely or partially depend on
      factors such as:

         Company’s credit scores and the scores of the guarantors
         Company’s Industry
         Company’s credit grade
         Amount of time present management has been in place
         Revenues and Income of the Company
         Length of time company has been in business

      These credit lines can be used for any business purpose but are most often used for proper cash flow
      management. Bank credit lines always require prime credit scores from the guarantors, not necessarily
      the shareholders. To qualify, the guarantors must be one of the officers of the company that are
      mentioned in the company’s Articles of Incorporation or Operating Agreement.

                                                   G u r u Tip
      You should see now why its beneficial to have a corporation or LLC instead of a sole proprietorship,
      general partnership, etc. Guarantors are not the same as the shareholders of the company and can
                     come and go. This leaves for a lot of maneuverability down the road.


