      of vendor credit to attain and being a startup our goal is to get a total of 20 vendors reporting to our
      business credit file in 90 days. Here are the *types* of merchants that grant credit to startup firms.

      Phone Companies and Local Broadband

      AT&T is available in most areas and they provide an easy way to get a business account. All you need is
      your Tax ID information and maybe your articles of incorporation/organization to verify that you are in
      fact a legitimate business. Usually, a phone company will setup an account for you without using any
      personal credit information. The only thing that I would suggest here is to find a way to get yourself in
      your local pages listing. This will help you in getting listed in case a merchant decides to do company
      verification. Most phone companies will provide this as an option for you and if they do not, do ask your
      sales representative on how you can get this setup.

                                                  G u r u Tip
      An 800 number greatly enhances the profile of your company and makes it look like more than just
                                you running your firm out of your home.

                                                  G u r u Tip
                              “Always make sure your company has an 8** number”

      Next, your representative should give you the option of setting up a broadband type of service (via cable
      or DSL) through your account. This is also a good idea, though you may want to shop around for the
      cheapest provider as its not always necessarily going to be your phone company. Depending on what
      you’re doing with your business, I highly recommend starting slow and then building up. And that means
      starting cheap. DSL/cable modems can be instantly activated to faster speeds so there’s no need to get the
      latest greatest services available with high transfer speeds. Start making some revenue first and then
      upgrade as you see fit.

      Your phone company may also ask you if you’d rather use VOIP (voice over IP) service. This is gaining
      in popularity and is cheap, fast and flexible. If you’re on a shoestring budget and need to place a high
      volume of calls for your business but can’t afford the long distance charges, this is not a bad option. Just
      ensure that you are listed in the phone books and have a 411 listing to your business. That should
      accommodate what we’re trying to accomplish.

      Wireless

      Wireless phone providers (Sprint, Nextel, T-mobile, AT&T, etc) ALL provide business accounts for
      startup companies. I’ve found though that the page links to get started with ordering business services is
      not readily available on their websites. Instead, you’ll have to call into the new customer service
      departments and ask for information on how to setup business accounts. One of the reps will usually

