      provide information (in some cases, they may ask you to visit a local dealer with a copy of your articles of
      incorporation/organization and a utility bill of your company). In all cases, these wireless companies will
      grant as many as 20 lines for your firm. If you need them, they’re there, but having seen quite a few
      entrepreneurs start companies and fail, I have some golden advice for you. Only spend cash if it somehow
      increases your productivity, increases your revenue or decreases your expenses. Don’t increase your
      monthly expenses in the hopes that down the line the increase will help in increasing productivity. This is
      a gamble that 90% of the time causes startups to be upside down in expenses before they get out of the
      gate. Spend wisely. Think of it as an investment. If there are 4 of you in the firm and they’re giving
      away 20 lines, only take 4.

                                                   G u r u Tip
       Business credit is not free money. Don’t be exuberant. Buy only what you can afford to pay back.


      Office Supply Stores

      The easiest merchants to get credit out of are office supply stores. Staples, Officemax, Office Depot and
      even online e-commerce stores like Nebs and Quill regularly grant credit. These stores grant super small
      lines ($300 - $1000) for your company but then once you have an established history with them, they will
      easily jack these lines up to as much as $5000. That’s a lot of office supplies if you ask me.

      Almost all of these stores have a separate business credit section built into their websites. If for some
      reason you can’t find it, call one of the 800 numbers for the stores and ask for a credit application for your
      business. You will get one emailed and or faxed to you right away.

      Large Technology Outfits

      Firms like Dell, IBM, HP and Xerox love granting small credit lines to newly formed companies though
      you must have a history of a few accounts with positive trade history reporting to the DNB before this step
      can be taken. Before going to these outfits, ensure that you have at least 5 other vendors on your credit
      profile that have been around for at least 90 days. Once you’re over that hump, you can list the new
      vendors as reference accounts and then start with a small business credit line from these companies.

      Gas Stations

      Texaco and Chevron are among the few gas companies that regularly give out business credit lines
      without a personal credit check. I have yet to see something similar from Amoco or Exxon. With a few
      credit lines built into your credit profile and a few vendors reporting (ideally you want to have total credit
      up to $2500 before you go down this route) you can start applying to Texaco and Chevron. Don’t go
      overboard with credit limits; try requesting a modest credit limit of $300 to get everything started. Every
      month you are welcome to call in and ask for an increase. Once you have a few months of track history

