              CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN

                                                      G u r u
                                                        Says…

                            “Follow the footsteps of those that have gone before you….
                                      …and never get swept off your feet.”


                                Watch and Follow the Guru in Action to Learn

      In the past few chapters I’ve given you just enough of what you’ll need to establish credit for your startup
      company. But I’m not finished yet. We’re now going to create business credit for a company as if I was
      doing it myself and narrating my actions. As the Apprentice, all you have to do is follow my lead for the
      same results with your company.

                                                Step 1: Incorporation

      As I advised you earlier, incorporation is the key. Before I do anything, I incorporate. And before
      incorporate, I file for a Tax ID Number. I connect to the IRS website and request a Employer
      Identification Number (Click here to request one). This is synonymous with a Tax ID number.

      Next, I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such
      as The Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have
      searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. I choose 100 shares
      for no par value and assign them to myself. I also grant myself the positions of the President, Secretary
      and Treasurer. I do this because the Business Credit Guru is confident of his personal credit scores. If
      you find that you do not have confidence of your personal credit, please read my alternate book: The
      Business Credit Guru: Bad Credit Business Credit Guide and I show you how to get around bad
      credit problems. I could not address this vast subject in this book especially as it doesn’t apply to
      everyone opening a startup. Once filed, I choose an option for delivery from The Company Corporation
      and then I wait. Once I receive my package, I immediately open a business checking account.

                                  Step 2: DNB Profile, DUNS, and ScoreBuilder

      My next step is to create a DNB profile, get a DUNS number and signup for the ScoreBuilder program.
      Start by visiting http://www.dnb.com/us and selecting to get a D-U-N-S number. At the time of the
      publishing of this book, this option was a link on the upper right of the page. If that has changed,
      remember that the D-U-N-S number is absolutely free. There is no charge and despite what anyone tries
      to sell you, all you need for starters is the number and the ScoreBuilder package for reporting on vendors.


