                                    Step 4: Adding Wireless and Office Vendors

      Next, large office supply vendors, such as Staples are good about giving out small credit lines to
      companies but need a copy of a utility bill showing your address. Since I have already received my first
      phone bill I will apply for a credit line of $750 at http://www.staples.com for a business credit account.
      While I’m at it, I also open a business account with NEBS (http://www.nebs.com) and QUILL
      (http://www.quill.com). Once approved on all three, I add them to my ScoreBuilder profile. I fully know
      by this time the amount of total credit I’m approved for ($750 from Staples, $300 from Quill, and $300
      from Nebs in most cases). On my business credit report, after 30 days of these vendors being added, I will
      show three trade lines totaling $1,350 with perhaps a small balance on them.

      Next I realize that I need cell phones and I know that the easiest ones to apply for are either Nextel or T-
      mobile. I follow the same principles as above. I go to the website, call the general number, ask to apply
      for a business account and follow their procedures. Usually these lines come in 5s so I may wind up
      having 5 lines in no time that are from my company and not myself. They will even have “The Guru” on
      caller ID when calling other phones. This is a revolving account and works much like the AT&T account.
      It usually has no credit limit and so does not do much to boost scores. If I have room on my ScoreBuilder,
      I will add this account in as well, but if I do not, phone and wireless providers are not the types of vendors
      I want reporting on credit histories. Since I cannot raise credit limits, I will not gain anything except
      prompt payment history.

                                                   G u r u Tip
        The ScoreBuilder product comes in various sizes. If you are strapped for cash and cannot afford
       the $700 yearly subscription, only add the accounts where your credit limit can be raised over time
           and ones that will show prompt payment history. Having one without the other serves little
                                                    purpose.


                                         Step 5: “Fattening” the Credit File

      Once all these vendors are reporting on my credit file, my next step is to “Fatten” my credit file to get over
      $3500 in total business credit. I can accomplish this easily over the next 60 days by adding vendors from
      Appendix A. I only pick and choose the vendors that I know correlate with my industry. For example, if I
      had registered myself as a trucking company, it would not make too much sense to have 1800Flowers as a
      vendor. Down the road, a credit grantor may choose to take a look at the “type” of vendors that are
      reporting on my credit file. Were a trucking company and had nothing but flower companies as my
      vendor base, it would not lend too much credibility to my business’ actual activities. It is doubtful for any
      trucking company to only have flower companies as the vendors it normally works through.



