      Being “The Guru, Inc” I consider myself an online retailer as I am in the eBooks industry. Accordingly, I
      will pick companies that directly impact my business. To give you an example, I will most likely pick
      vendors from the following industries:

         Shipping
         Packaging
         Hosting
         eCommerce
         Computers
         Electronics

      I will stay away from companies requiring any kind of a personal credit check and continue to add them in
      until my total credit reaches $3500.

                           Step 6: Adding 2 Behemoths to Get to $15000 in Total Credit

      Once I reach $3500 in total credit, I first call Staples and ask to extend my credit line to $1500. Prior to
      making this request I ensure that my payments were all on time and that I have a $0 balance on my
      account. When asked for a reason for the increase, I state the truth. I am building my companies credit
      and it would work to our advantage of having a well known firm such as Staples increase our credit line.
      We’re responsible, well managed and as our records show, do not abuse credit. I repeat this procedure
      with Nebs and Quill. Both should double my initial credit lines. Once my credit total credit is increased
      to $5000, I move to the first of two credit behemoths.

      I call Dell’s (www.dell.com) small business division and ask to apply for a business credit account of
      $5000. I know that they will ask for all the same company information but they will most likely also ask
      for my company’s DUNS number. At this point in time it is to my advantage that my Paydex is above 80.
      The other credit scores don’t really matter much here unless I’ve missed payments on my report. If Dell
      denies me, it may be due to a seasoning reason (not been in business for too long) but this is a rarity.

      Once Dell has been established as a vendor, I will add them in on my ScoreBuilder profile and move to
      the other behemoth. The Home Depot is a tough cookie to deal with. Primary reason being that their
      qualification criteria are elusive and they have a habit of initially declining applicants and then approving
      them 30, 60, or 90 days later. The most important things to qualify for are the Home Depot vendor credit
      account. I follow the same basic procedure as before except in this case, I already know which website to
      go to and will point it out for you as it’s tough to find for the Apprentice.


                                 Click Here: Home Depot Revolving Charge Card



