                                                  Step 7: The Goal

      After following steps 1 – 6, and adding The Home Depot and Dell to my ScoreBuilder profile, my goal is
      to repeat Step 5 until I have amassed 25 vendors reporting on my credit profile. My strategy is as follows.
      I add new vendors every 30 days. After 90 days of adding them, I ask for credit increases. Once I have
      broken in to one industry of vendors (Shipping for example) I add similar vendors after 90 days. In the
      example above, I added Staples, Nebs and Quill all within the office supplies industry within my first 30
      days of incorporation to my ScoreBuilder profile. Following suit, in 90 days I will add in Office Depot
      and OfficeMax while requesting credit increases from Nebs, Quill and Staples. 90 days later, I ask for
      credit increases from all 5.

      To take this a step further, I added Dell and The Home Depot as part of step 6. 90 days later, with Dell
      and The Home Depot both reporting on my credit profile, I will add in Xerox, HP, Compaq, and Lowes
      while asking for credit increases from The Home Depot and Dell. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases
      from all fully knowing that I may not get subsequent increases and may get declined.

      Usually, most vendors will allow 1 or 2 credit increases all year. Responsibility in repayment and keeping
      balances low is the key.



                 The First Few Unsecured Credit Cards and A Credit Line of up to $100K

      Credit cards and credit lines require some seasoning on your company. Advanta Business Credit (in our
      chart above) is one of the only credit card providers I know of that will give an unsecured VISA/MC
      credit card to a company using a personal guarantor that has been in operations for less than 6 months.
      Citibank also has some aggressive programs but they usually require being in business for at least one
      year. American Express is one company that regularly extends credit cards to small startup companies.
      Qualifying for any of these credit cards is as simple as visiting their websites and applying.

      However, we’re concerned with getting qualified for business credit cards without the hassle of going
      through random credit checks and such. If you need a credit card badly and have stellar credit, I’m sure
      one of the above 3 will provide a business credit card for you. But if you’re willing to wait and build your
      business credit, there is an easier way.

      Once you have 25 vendors reporting on your DNB credit profile and you have been in business for 1 year,
      there are 3 lenders that will grant you credit (provided that you can qualify for it and that your guarantors
      have credit that is above 700). One is Bank of America, the other is the Home Depot MasterCard (Click
      this link: The Home Depot MasterCard to go to the website), and the third is Key Bank USA (Click here:
      Key Bank USA).



