      The HDMC remains to date one of the only credit cards that don’t require any personal credit information.
      After months of tinkering with the formula, I finally found that what I’ve laid out for you above to have
      the greatest chance of success in attaining this card. Once approved, of course you’ll want to add these
      two items in to the ScoreBuilder.

      Next, call Bank of America and ask to apply for a SBAExpress credit for up to $100K. A BofA
      representative will ask you a few questions, the most important of which is your gross revenues from last
      year. Bank of America will give you up to 15 – 20% of your gross revenues from the year prior as a credit
      line with stated income documentation. The only required documentation needed prior to closing will
      most likely be the Articles of Incorporation, business licenses, utility bills, etc.

      Between the three lenders I just pointed out, you should be able to rack up at least $50K of unsecured lines
      provided your revenues were sufficient to get that aggressive of a credit line from Bank of America.


                                                Year 1 and Beyond

      If you’ve come this far, the next few sections should be incredibly important and beneficial to you. Your
      temperament drastically changes after year 1 and having accomplished everything I’ve listed in the last
      few sections. As a first year company, you are no longer an entity that can be ignored. Your company is
      beginning to look and feel like it has a life of its own.

      Even if you weren’t able to accomplish everything with the unsecured credit lines and credit cards (due to
      credit problems, etc), your direction is not going to change much. At this point, Apprentices can act very
      Guru like by calling the DNB and Experian Business directly and asking to increase the overall credit
      limit assigned to them. Prior to taking this step, ensure that you have updated your company’s profile
      with updated revenues, employment and management changes if there were any.

      In my example of “The Guru, Inc”, in my first year of business I would have had $100K in a credit line,
      $20K in credit cards against my company and 25 vendors all totaling upwards of $25K - $35K in credit.
      My total credit on my company would be somewhere in the $150K range with a 10% rotating balance on
      my credit lines. No late payments and no derogatory public record/collection are on my business credit
      report. Let’s say on my one year anniversary, I pull my Comprehensive Credit Report and find out the
      following details:

         Overall Commercial Credit Score:          600
         Paydex:                                   85
         Recommended Credit Limit:                 $25,000


      To me, though the credit scores are great, what’s concerning is that the DNB is only allowing a maximum
      of a $25K limit. I don’t think that’s very credit worthy of my company. Being a Guru, I will call the
      DNB and ask them to increase my credit limit. I tell the DNB something to tune of “Our Company is

