                             THE OTHER OPTION: SHELF COMPANIES:
                                                     G u r u
                                                       Says…

                             “Avoid deceit. Gurus have far more effective methods.”


                                       DEFINITION OF A SHELF COMPANY

      Quite a few business credit Apprentices stumble upon the concept of the shelf company and are
      immediately seduced with advertising as brash as:

         “Want to get $1M in credit? Buy a Shelf Company! Our companies come with millions of dollars of credit
                                                       lines!”

      Who wouldn’t be seduced?

      Business credit Gurus fully know that such advertising is little more than a sales gimmick. Though a shelf
      company may indeed have millions of dollars in credit lines, they definitely aren’t from banks or lenders.
      But first, let’s clear up this elusive concept. What is a Shelf Company?

      In my example I’ve been using, “The Guru, Inc” is a perfectly good example of a shelf company that is
      until it reaches its first year. I created a company, filed all the appropriate paperwork, got all the
      appropriate vendors to report and have been building my credit profile. Had I not applied for credit cards
      and bank credit lines, I could have kept building these vendor trade lines and kept the company around for
      years without actually making any money. Just as easily, after amassing a large chunk of credit lines, I
      could have sold it to someone and saved them the headache of having to do all the work themselves.

      That is a shelf company. Why would I not want to create credit lines and credit cards for “The Guru, Inc”
      had I intended for it to be a shelf company from the start? If my original goal was to put “The Guru, Inc”
      on the shelf and let it season for a few years while I develop a vendor database, I would have definitely
      not given any banks or any lenders a personal guarantee on a revolving charge against my personal credit!
      That would be foolish. That way, when I go to sell the company, the new owner assumes all the credit
      lines with me as a personal guarantor. I’d be bankrupt and up to my ears in debt in 30 seconds.



