              CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME
                OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING

                                                  Th e G u r u
                                                        Says…

                                 “The path to becoming a Guru is one of patience.
                                       Never be led off the path by greed.”


      I want to be brief in parting ways from you. I have described as best as I can a straight and narrow way of
      establishing business credit ethically. In doing so, my number one priority was to convey information and
      enlighten the many would be Apprentices on the market today. If you’re a businessman or
      businesswoman, I’m sure you can see the value in having an unbiased text such as the one I have provided
      for the myriad of entrepreneurs and business credit seekers that are often led astray by offers that are not
      honest. It is with this spirit that I ask you to share the information I have provided wisely and profitably.

      First, is to become an affiliate of our products from the Business Credit Guru. We provide hefty
      commissions to our partners who help us enlighten others on any one or all six of our products. Please

      Second, one of the best resources I have to my disposal is an army of top lawyers. Despite the money I’ve
      made as a successful business credit guru and a business financing guru, you’d be surprised to hear how
      much I pay per month for my legal bills: Less than $30.00. That’s right, not $3000, but thirty dollars a
      month. There are no gimmicks and no other hidden costs. To date, I have encouraged all my clients,
      colleagues and friends to join this service through Pre-Paid Legal. For $30.00/month, you can’t get a
      better bargain. Plus you get commissions for referring others as well. To register, email us directly at
      ppl@businesscreditguru.com.

      Finally, there have been numerous times when the needs of a startup are better served through financing
      rather than credit. The Gallant Group, Ltd (http://www.gallantgrp.com) is THE company for any sort of
      working capital loans, commercial, residential or business financing. I have seen these guys pull off deals
      that I didn’t think could get funding. They have almost 10000 different programs for entrepreneurs in the
      early or middle stages of growth. The owners have a nice consultative style and I can’t say enough good
      things about them. Use these guys and use them often!

      These resources are yours to use. They are provided as some good references that I can personally attest
      to being your Guru.



