                                  INTRODUCTION: A Wise Investment!

                                                       G u r u
                                                          Says…

         “The world of business credit consists of two separate groups of people, the Masters and the
       Apprentices. The main divider between both is knowledge, for there is nothing the Master can do
                                         that the Apprentice can’t.”


      You now have the one source that will save you thousands of dollars in lost broker fees, bad advice and
      scams. For some, that’s worth the price of your investment in this book already. If I had a teacher (in a
      book or in person) like this when I was starting out building my business credit, it would have saved me
      countless of hours of research, headaches and awful, expensive advice.

      When I was an Apprentice in the world of Business Credit, I ran into countless brokers or business credit
      services providers in this market who knew nothing, yet charged $6,000 - $25,000 a pop for shelf
      companies, credit lines and other over the top offers. I often heard tall tales about what is and isn’t
      possible with a company. I was confused, distraught and felt completely lost in the dark. Every second
      that passed by, I felt that I was somehow losing ground. If you find yourself in the same situation, rest
      assured, you are not alone. This is the common fate of the business credit Apprentice.

      Alternatively, business credit Masters exist and operate in a different realm. They flow in and out of the
      business world being able to attain lines of credit, credit cards, and letters of credit without any difficulty.
      They are rarely ever led astray or misled for they know what is possible and what isn’t. Not only are they
      able to guide their own credit identities using certain time tested principles, but they also never ask any
      business credit brokers for advice even though some may opt to use a broker’s services. For our purposes,
      these Masters are considered Gurus. They can exist as teachers, leaders or at the very least
      knowledgeable entities in the realm of business credit. I am a Guru. And if you’re willing, I’m going to
      teach you how to become one.

      What you’re reading now is a straight to the point, hands-on approach to understanding and creating
      business credit for owners of companies that have bad personal credit. To date, little has been written
      about what can be done for entrepreneurs with personal credit scores below a 680 FICO as far as credit
      cards and bank credit lines are concerned (if you are unsure of these two items, I explain them later in this
      book). But, being a Guru, I show you how to attain bank credit lines despite having bad personal credit.
      How can I do this when others promise that nothing of the sort can be done? I use a simple tactic that I’ve
      often used with companies that can’t document the credit history of every shareholder…I lay it all out for
      you in an easy to read guide that you can come back to over and over again.



