      As you’ll notice, the book is rather brief. Being a Guru, I have no time or use for fluff and neither do you.
      I cut through the falsifications and exaggerations to deliver the truth. The truth rarely requires
      explanation. You need a fast and straight to the point approach because you’re not going to get it from
      very many other sources on the internet.

      I have organized this book assuming that you have no knowledge of business credit and have no revenues,
      and no clients. If you find yourself in different circumstances, all the better, yet I don’t suspect too many
      to be in worse circumstances. Being an entrepreneur with bad personal credit, I’ve laid out the sections in
      this book so that you can figure out how to get a fresh start if you were to create a company from day one.
      In the later sections, I dive into how to assess your company’s EXISTING credit and work with it from
      that point forward. It is my hope that one or both of the perspectives benefit you.

      Before moving forward, you should know that I’ve created this book from a perspective of knowledge and
      giving. It is so important in understanding and getting business credit that if you took away all of the
      bankers I have come to know, all the credit specialists I speak to regularly, all the seminars I’ve attended,
      all the websites and user forums I’ve researched, and left me just this book, I would know all of what I
      needed to know to launch a business, get credit and spend almost nothing out of my own pocket! Now
      that’s what a Guru would teach you.

      I am the Guru and you are my Apprentice. Let’s Get Started.


                                                    IMPORTANT

      If you like what I have to say and are looking for some great passive income opportunities I discuss later
      in the book, do us and yourself a huge favor. Become an affiliate with the Business Credit Guru and
      promote this book. As you’ll see, I don’t tout myself as being a Guru for no reason. I know the ins and
      outs and have no need to lie to exaggerate the truth. Help your fellow entrepreneurs get the right
      education in this oft elusive market. We give away extremely generous commissions to our affiliate
      partners and even let you in on marketing tips and secrets for generating regular income. Click here to
      learn more and join.



