                                               Unwise Business Ideas

      There are a few things you need to stay away from as far as business ideas are concerned. The reasons for
      this are simple. As an owner with bad personal credit you’re already viewed as a risk. Bankers believe
      that there is a one to one correlation between bad personal credit and inability to pay business debts on
      time. In most cases, they are right. Though a minority of the population suffers from life altering events
      that make payment on credit and debt obligations impossible, the majority of individuals who suffer from
      bad personal credit are simply irresponsible and do not pay attention to concepts such as budgeting,
      financial planning, and squeezing the penny to the nth degree.

      What I’m saying may seem harsh and may even invoke some anger or frustration in some of you. I
      appreciate your situation. No one knows about the hardships and decisions you’ve made in your life
      except you. But, my advice my dear Apprentice is to be wise. In most cases, the first human response to
      any statement perceived as an attack is denial. Thus it’s important to understand that I’m not attacking
      you. Instead, I’m simply stating some common knowledge among bankers, creditors and financiers. Your
      goal should be to be honest with yourself and correct these patterns. They will not help you in your
      business.

      Right now let’s concentrate on getting some basics out of the way so the remainder of the path isn’t
      confusing. There are a few business ideas that seem like they’re home runs on paper but in truth are going
      to lead you into some serious credit problems down the road.

      If you’re starting up and looking for business ideas, these are a few to stay away from. If you’ve got a
      multi billion dollar plan for one of these ideas, I definitely don’t want to tell you to abandon it. Just know
      that the deck is stacked against you as many people will refuse to deal with you on ethical, legal or
      financial accountability basis. Here they are:

              i.   Anything associated with Adult Entertainment
             ii.   Online Gambling Casinos
            iii.   A Business that buys/sells Financial Notes
            iv.    A Real Estate Investment Firm (my personal favorite)

      The first category, Adult Entertainment, doesn’t really need to be explained in too much depth so I’ll skip
      it. Just know that putting anything remotely associated with the industry is automatic grounds for denial
      for most banking credit and quite a few merchants as well.

      The second category is where it gets interesting. A while ago, I got approached by a group of young kids
      trying to startup an online casino; they called it “poker school”, and wanted to amass large credit lines to
      handle their cash inflows and outflows. Apparently these guys were some local poker sharks in the area
      and had amassed quite a bit of money as they were talking about paying someone $50K to set up a shelf



