      company (discussed later) and get some credit going for them. They heard about me from one of my
      Apprentices turned Guru and were really excited about my methods.

      At the time, I had never considered going down this road for a potential client base and was a bit excited
      by the challenge. I called around a few banks and got one of my trusted expert credit officers on the line
      and discussed the idea with him. He flat out told me that 99% of the banks he knew of would not consider
      this request simply because of their industry. I was quite taken aback. Apparently gambling institutions
      are not a hot ticket item for banks despite the obvious cash flow implications. Some banks won’t even let
      these institutions open up checking accounts.

      The reasons for this vary from State to State, but the gist is that as gambling is outlawed in most states,
      and any entity dealing with gambling not pre-approved by the state is going to be penalized. Since banks
      are the most regulated institutions in the country, it’s no surprise that no one wants to take any risk
      associating themselves with an outfit that is potentially doing something illegal. Most banks simply won’t
      risk it.

                                                   G u r u Tip
                    Developing Credit and Banking Relationships is Key to becoming a Guru

      Financial note sellers and real estate investment firms are lumped into the same category as far as banking
      relationships are concerned. Both are considered high risk industries due to the sheer amount of defaults,
      non payments, and inexperienced managers. Real estate investment firms are especially frowned upon
      because of the lack of stability in this market on “flipping” properties. Startups looking for money or
      credit are always troublesome and heavily scrutinized. Many companies that have long business histories
      often have the idea of buying distressed real estate properties and start looking for credit to do so. Though
      it’s certainly possible to attain business credit lines, explicitly getting credit for investment purposes is
      usually grounds for an automatic denial. From a financing perspective, being as expensive as they are
      with respect to interest rates, general investing simply does not deliver the type of return that would make
      the credit line worthwhile anyway.


                            Types of Businesses and the Impact on Business Credit

      In order to become a Guru, first you must learn about foundations of business legalities. The reason being
      is that in most cases it’s important to understand how a C corporation gets credit versus how a Partnership
      would get credit. I use the term credit loosely for the time being. I will start dissecting its meaning in a
      few chapters down the road. For now, it’s sufficient to know that credit is granted by someone or
      something and that entity, the Credit Grantor, is who we are focused on.



