      In the world of business credit, what kind of legal status your company is has a direct impact on how
      credit will be granted to you. A Buddhist belief beckons that boredom is one of the keys to enlightenment.
      If that’s so, the following section is both, enlightening and boring.

                                                    G u r u Tip
      Credit Grantors view the world in a different way. Evolving from Apprentice to Guru requires one
                           to take a look from their perspective and not your own.


      Sole Proprietorships

      In the world of Gurus and Credit Grantors, Sole Proprietorships are always a sign of hidden problems. As
      an entrepreneur, they do little for you. They offer limited protection from any lawsuits and do not create a
      separate business identity aside of a tax ID number and a starting platform for doing business. Typically, I
      consider these the lazy way to be in business.

      As I said earlier, I advise against Sole Proprietorships. Things such as personal tax liens and collections
      can easily be reflected in your business credit profile. Your personal credit will rebound quickly from
      these types of faux pas, but your business credit will not. There are plenty of entrepreneurs out there who
      have operated for years as a sole proprietorship and then decide to incorporate as either an S or C
      corporation. In my professional experience, 80% of this group often has hidden liens, judgments and
      collections that are showing not only against their personal credit but also on their business credit. These
      are rather difficult to eliminate, so why even bother with the hassle?

                                            G u r u Recommendation
                       “Don’t be lazy. If your business is producing income; incorporate.”


      Partnerships

      These are a better option for business credit rather than sole proprietorships, but still have some serious
      limitations. First limitation is that a partnership is again, a “de facto” way to be in business without really
      taking the time to incorporate. Hence, it too, offers little protection. Each partner is considered a sole and
      separate entity that is joined with the other(s) to transact under one Tax ID number. This advice is of
      course limited to small business entrepreneurs and not established corporations that decided to form a
      partnership agreement to do business under.



