      The problem we often run into here though is that Credit Grantors usually look at the partners as equal
      shares in the company. This may work against those in the situation where one partner’s credit score is
      terrible (make no mistake: we’re going to need credit scores to get business lines of credit and credit
      cards). In that case, little if anything can be done.

      Corporations

      There are two types, S and C corporations. Despite the common perception that C is better than S in
      business credit decisions, I have never experienced any proof of why this is or if it’s even a valid
      statement. Both are fine. And both leave quite a bit of wiggle room when a business owner has bad credit
      scores. Getting alternative guarantors on corporations is easy as updating with the state’s filing status and
      appropriate papers and then waiting for seasoning requirements by banks.

      LLC’s

      In the business world, the added advantage of an LLC over a corporation is that through a few residential
      lenders, the LLC can get independent residential financing. Residential financing can be granted to a
      LLC, instead of the individual, if the loan to home value ratio is low (usually 65% or lower). The credit
      scores of the owners of the LLC (or the operating managers) have to be good to grant this loan and the
      LLC has to be an income generating business that can pay the balance of the mortgage through its profits.
      There are (to date) NO stated or no income documentation programs.

      I mention this little tidbit of information for the large sea of would be real estate investment firms that are
      constantly looking for business credit. This is one way with one caveat. If you’re a LLC with an array of
      credit lines and are arranging a loan to buy residential real estate, you’ll have to show how you’re coming
      up with the large down payments. In the case when I’ve worked with LLC’s who were borrowing against
      credit lines to come up with the down payment, the request was always declined. Always!

      Business credit for LLC’s is easily attainable but once again, just as in the case of the corporations, the
      overwhelming majority of managing partners (not owners) need to have stellar credit in order to qualify
      for the bank credit lines and credit cards. This advice applies to startups and business entities that do not
      have an established business credit history. There are ways to qualify for both without personal credit
      checks or at the least, without as much emphasis on personal credit.

                                                    G u r u Tip
         LLC’s and Corporations have equal weight in the business credit world with LLC’s having the
            added advantage of being able to qualify for certain types of financing by themselves



