      Gas Stations

      Texaco and Chevron are among the few gas companies that regularly give out business credit lines
      without a personal credit check. I have yet to see something similar from Amoco or Exxon. With a few
      credit lines built into your credit profile and a few vendors reporting (ideally you want to have total credit
      up to $2,500 before you go down this route) you can start applying to Texaco and Chevron. Don’t go
      overboard with credit limits; try requesting a modest credit limit of $300 to get everything started. Every
      month you are welcome to call in and ask for an increase. Once you have a few months of track history
      with these firms, you can apply for additional or supplemental lines with companies like Union76, Circle
      K, and BP Amoco.

      Other Retail Giants

      The final category, and often the most difficult to qualify for, is the retail giants such as The Home
      Depots, Best Buy and Circuit City. The trick to getting qualified here is to have at least $7,500 in credit
      built up that is reporting on your business credit profile with, of course, no history of late payments and a
      super high Paydex score (75+). Once you are at this stage, applying for credit with these large outfits is
      easy. In the case when they ask for personal information, I have often told my Apprentices to leave it
      blank. Surprisingly, we found a 50% approval rating when the business was open for at least 6 months or
      more, had a good DNB profile and a high Paydex along with $7,500 in credit from other vendors.


                                     Why Vendor Credit is Important

      In 6 – 12 months of starting to apply for business credit, you can easily build $10K in vendor credit (if
      you’re still not convinced I will give you a step by step approach soon enough). Once there, your
      company has enough credit to compete with a normal average 19 year old teenager. In other words, your
      company begins to take an identity of its own. You, being the owner or shareholder, should treat it as
      such and furtively promote your business as a separate identity when applying for credit. But why is any
      of this important? Why can we not just start applying for credit cards and bank lines of credit?

      The answer lies in understanding what vendor credit does to the overall credit score of your company.
      Simply put the more vendors are reporting on your company’s credit profile, the more robust your
      company appears. Credit Grantors will always look for a detailed credit history of any business entity that
      they are about to grant credit to. The longer, broader and more diverse this history appears in a credit
      profile, the more your company is operating as its own entity and the less it matters of the individual
      personal fico scores of the shareholders (guarantors will always be required for loan or credit requests).



