                 CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES

                                                 Th e G u r u
                                                       Says…

                  “The final frontier in credit development lies in attaining unsecured credit.”


                                          On the Subject of Guarantors

      When I was a business credit Apprentice, I was presented with a unique problem. An opportunity
      presented itself to me along my journey that forced me to re-evaluate what I knew about business credit. I
      was building my company’s business credit when suddenly I was approached by a few investors. They
      wanted to learn more about what it was that I was doing, invest and take a “small piece” of the company.
      All in all the details were that in exchange for 30% of my company, I would receive some seed money to
      help me launch my financing firm off the ground.

      I declined the offer, but an odd thought went through my head. What if a few of the investors had terrible
      credit? With a few of them owning a portion of our firm, we’d have to seriously rethink our business
      credit plan. What if we had more than 5 investors? How about if we had 50? 100? 200? What would
      happen in this case? As an Apprentice, I started calling around to various banks granting lines of credit
      and credit cards to pose the same question. In this case, when the banker was smart enough to understand
      the scenario I was presenting and that pulling credit for everyone who owned a piece of our firm would be
      disastrous, the advice I received was powerful. I present it to you here in plain English.

      In the case where your company has a multitude of investors with varying credit ranges, or even one
      investor with disastrous credit, the workaround is to formally change the President and
      Secretary/Treasurer positions to 2 distinct individuals with great personal credit and update the change in
      the Meeting Minutes as such. In the case of credit cards, one of these two individuals can apply for the
      company as an authorized guarantor and add you on as another card holder.

      Who can you get you to be a guarantor of your company? In the past, friends, family and other business
      partners have volunteered. Of course, you may have your Guarantors ask you for business plans,
      financials and breakdown of how you’re going to use their credit, as they should, and you should provide
      them all that information. As an Apprentice with bad business credit, your options are very limited. To
      date, this is most effective, and tried and true, option. Once you have a few unsecured credit lines
      established under your name, there are a few companies that will offer unsecured credit cards without any
      personal credit check. But that step is much farther down the road.



