                           What’s an Unsecured Credit Line and How it Functions

      Unsecured lines of credit are revolving bank credit lines given to companies and do not show up on the
      owner’s personal credit reports. The words “unsecured” comes from the fact that these credit lines do not
      require any collateral and do not encumber any assets of the business owner (remember our discussion of
      personal guarantors?). In other words, no physical lien is put against the personal property of the
      entrepreneur. The worst most banks will do is put a UCC filing that will encumber the assets of the
      business up to the size of the line of credit. But even that is rare.

      There are two main types of LOC’s: those requiring no income documentation and those requiring full
      documentation. The former are aggressive programs that are provided by certain big national or regional
      banks. The latter are usually the product of small community banks that are spread across the country.

      The main differentiator is this; No income documentation programs always, and I do stress always, require
      prime credit from each guarantor. There are no exceptions to date and I don’t presume that there will ever
      be. Banks operate on risk mitigation. To think like a bank, you have to start asking yourself the following
      question, if this were my money, would I lend to someone else in my position and if I could, how would I
      ensure I get my money back? That’s risk mitigation.

      How do you mitigate the risk of lending to someone that’s looking to borrow? For banks, part of the risk
      can mitigate itself if the borrower has high credit scores. Typically, these borrowers have a lower chance
      of defaulting on loans and have demonstrated responsibility in payments. Thus, in the absence of any
      income documentation, credit can be extended to these borrowers by virtue of their high personal credit
      scores, their industries, their business credit scores and their declared annual revenues from the year prior.

      That last statement should raise an eyebrow or two. “Last year’s gross income?” you should be asking
      yourself. “But if that’s the case, how do shelf companies get lines of credit when in fact they’ve made no
      money?” By lying about income. That’s bank fraud and a common Apprentice mistake. Be very careful
      about shelf companies and shelf company providers. All banks, and I list a few of them in this book for
      you; look for a declaration of income. If you’ve bought a shelf company, your gross income is $0.

      How you qualify for bank lines of credit is a completely separate matter. Similar to credit cards, you’ll
      have to have personal guarantors that are authorized to sign on behalf of the company (updated through
      Meeting Minutes), have been associated with the company as President and Secretary/Treasurer for 2
      years. Your company can qualify for up to 20 – 25 % of your company’s gross annual sales from the year
      prior from each lending institution that is listed in the appendix. Simply navigate to the websites
      indicated, by state, and look for the small business section. You’re looking for a business credit line, not a
      loan, but a revolving credit line on these sites. These lines are interest only and are usually referred to as
      SBAExpress Credit Lines, Business Express Credit Lines, or Business Credit Express Lines.



