              CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN

                                                 Th e G u r u
                                                        Says…

                            “Follow the footsteps of those that have gone before you….
                                      …and never get swept off your feet.”


                                Watch and Follow the Guru in Action to Learn

      In the past few chapters I’ve given you just enough of what you’ll need to establish merchant credit for
      your company. But I’m not finished yet. We’re now going to create business credit for a company as if I
      was doing it myself and narrating my actions. This scenario assumes that I have little to no business credit
      and have bad personal credit. Here’s how I would create business credit for my company.

                                            Step 1: Incorporation Status

      If you are not incorporated, as I advised you earlier, incorporation is key. Before I do anything, I
      incorporate. Let’s say, I’ve been operating a sole proprietor, called The Guru under a fictitious business
      name statement. Retaining my Tax ID number (do not change unless your business credit is also bad) I
      will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as The
      Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched
      for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska.

      Next, I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such
      as BizFilings (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched for
      example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. I choose 100 shares for no par
      value and assign them to myself as the owner.

      Here is where the process gets tricky yet is crucial. Knowing I have bad credit, I cannot assign myself
      as an officer of the company. Doing so would basically ensure that I never get business credit from banks
      that require a personal guarantee and a credit check. Hence I choose 2 different individuals with great
      credit scores to be the President and Secretary/Treasurer respectfully. In my company meeting minutes, I
      assign a clause and states that these two individuals are authorized personnel of The Guru, Inc and can
      sign for any credit lines, financing requests and offer personal guarantees on the company’s behalf.



