                                                   G u r u Tip
         Ensure that the two individuals you assign this much responsibility to are people you can trust.

      This step may seem a bit risky to you, as it should. Assigning your company’s credit and financing
      responsibilities to other individuals is not something most entrepreneurs would favor. But with bad
      personal credit, you are limited with your options. I find that it’s safer to incorporate these individuals as
      partners in the firm, rather than mere signatories and guarantors. Without this option, your chances of
      getting a business line of credit or credit cards are nil.

      Once the appropriate documentation is filed, I choose an option for delivery from The Company
      Corporation and then wait. Once I receive my package, I immediately open a business checking account.

      If you are already incorporated, your biggest hurdle will be seasoning on present management for bank
      lines of credit. This essentially means that the current officers (President, Secretary and Treasurer) have
      to be in place for (depending on the bank) anywhere between 1 to 3 years in their current positions. The
      most lenient bank is Bank of America requiring a seasoning of present management for only 1 year, but
      results may vary State by State and bank by bank.

      Of course, many Gurus go around this requirement by simply backdating the company’s Meeting Minutes
      to reflect the change from years past. This practice edges on the unethical and I do not advocate it, but it’s
      up to you to decide.


                         Step 2: Check Credit, the DNB Profile, DUNS, and ScoreBuilder

      My next step is to check credit on my entity through Experian Business and DNB. I go to these sites and
      pull my company’s credit from both entities:

         Smart Business Reports -- Experian Business (use the ProfilePlus program with Credit Score)
         DNB Comprehensive Inside Plus Report

      The cost totals $200.00. I find that my Experian Business score is 90 (it ranges from 0 – 100 with 80
      being comparable to a 680 FICO on personal credit) and that my Commercial Credit Score from DNB is
      600 with a Paydex of 80. If you find your business credit scores significantly lower, I will be releasing a
      supplementary eBook entitled Fixing Bad Business Credit and Business Credit Repair. You will be
      notified via email once this is ready.

      Since I have a D-U-N-S number already, I signup for the ScoreBuilder program. If you don’t have a
      DUNS number, start by visiting http://www.dnb.com/us and selecting to get a D-U-N-S number. At the



