      time of the publishing of this book, this option was a link on the upper right of the page. If that has
      changed, remember that the D-U-N-S number is absolutely free. There is no charge and despite what
      anyone tries to sell you, all you need for starters is the number. As a must, I recommend you pay the
      freight and buy the ScoreBuilder program if you don’t have it already.

      Next I want to update the online account for my company and sign in to create my company profile. Here,
      I’ll list update the information for my President, state the number of employees I have and my revenues.

      The only item that I want to explain a bit further here is the ScoreBuilder. In the business credit world,
      vendors and banks don’t HAVE to report to the credit bureaus. It is an option for them. Some do, some
      don’t. Unlike personal credit bureaus that rely on creditors to proactively report on payment trends, the
      DNB allows business owners the option to have a service placed on their account where DNB goes out
      and monitors your payment trends on given vendors. Even though there are some gurus that are purists
      and do not wish to go down this route, I find that typically, this is a great way to add vendors that you pay
      in full every month to build your company’s Paydex credit score to high levels fast (within 90 days). The
      payment trends will also be reflected in the Commercial Credit Score also.

                                     Step 3: DNB, Phone Lines and Broadband

      In what follows, I will follow a formula that has a pretty good hit rate for most companies without
      significant business credit history in my experience. For companies already in existence with established
      business credit profiles, the following may not be a bad exercise to read through and apply the things that
      you didn’t know were possible.

      One cautionary note: if your Paydex score is flawed and you have liens on your credit report (best to pull
      the DNB $150 comprehensive insight report on yourself to find out), you most likely will not be able to
      repeat the following with the same results. In this case, refer to Fixing Bad Business Credit and
      Business Credit Repair eBook.

      Once I’ve established a DNB number, the next step is to open a business phone line and get broadband
      service with my DNB number (if needed) and my Tax ID number. This can be done without the Article of
      Incorporation and so I’m not going to wait for them to arrive in the mail. I ensure that my company’s
      address is different than my residential address (if I don’t have an office I use Postal Annex to create an
      artificial forwarding address).

      The simple reason for this step is once this information is enlisted with the DNB, the information becomes
      public and I do not want my home address out there for everyone to see. A private mailbox with a local
      Postal Annex and will have suite numbers instead of PO Box numbers and do the job of creating a
      separate mailing address rather quickly.

      Once my business phone lines are established, I list my company with the Yellow Pages with the new
      phone number and the new address. Upon receiving my first phone bill, I will add in my phone company


