                                         Step 5: “Fattening” the Credit File

      Once all these vendors are reporting on my credit file, my next step is to “Fatten” my credit file to get over
      $3,500 in total business credit. I can accomplish this easily over the next 60 days by adding vendors from


      Appendix A. I only pick and choose the vendors that I know correlate with my industry. For example, if I
      had registered myself as a trucking company, it would not make too much sense to have 1800Flowers as a
      vendor. Down the road, a credit grantor may choose to take a look at the “type” of vendors that are
      reporting on my credit file. Were a trucking company and had nothing but flower companies as my
      vendor base, it would not lend too much credibility to my business’ actual activities. It is doubtful for any
      trucking company to only have flower companies as the vendors it normally works through.

      Being “The Guru, Inc” I consider myself an online retailer as I am in the publishing industry.
      Accordingly, I will pick companies that directly impact my business. To give you an example, I will most
      likely pick vendors from the following industries:

         Shipping
         Packaging
         Hosting
         eCommerce
         Computers
         Electronics

      I will stay away from companies requiring any kind of a personal credit check and continue to add them in
      until my total credit reaches $3,500.


                           Step 6: Adding 2 Behemoths to Get to $15000 in Total Credit

      Once I reach $3,500 in total credit, I first call Staples and ask to extend my credit line to $1,500. Prior to
      making this request I ensure that my payments were all on time and that I have a $0 balance on my
      account. When asked for a reason for the increase, I state the truth. I am building my companies credit
      and it would work to our advantage of having a well known firm such as Staples increase our credit line.
      We’re responsible, well managed and as our records show, do not abuse credit. I repeat this procedure
      with Nebs and Quill. Both should double my initial credit lines. Once my credit total credit is increased
      to $5,000, I move to the first of two credit behemoths.

      I call Dell’s (www.dell.com ) small business division and ask to apply for a business credit account of
      $5,000. I know that they will ask for all the same company information but they will most likely also ask
      for my company’s DUNS number. At this point in time it is to my advantage that my Paydex is above 80.



