      The other credit scores don’t really matter much here unless I’ve missed payments on my report. If Dell
      denies me, it may be due to a seasoning reason (not been in business for too long) but this is a rarity.

      Once Dell has been established as a vendor, I will add them in on my ScoreBuilder profile and move to
      the other behemoth. The Home Depot is a tough cookie to deal with. The primary reason being that their
      qualification criteria are elusive and they have a habit of initially declining applicants and then approving
      those 30, 60, or 90 days later. The most important things to qualify for are the Home Depot vendor credit


      account. I follow the same basic procedure as before except in this case, I already know which website to
      go to and will point it out for you as it’s tough to find for the Apprentice.

                                 Click Here: Home Depot Revolving Charge Card


                                                  Step 7: The Goal

      After following steps 1 – 6, and adding The Home Depot and Dell to my ScoreBuilder profile, my goal is
      to repeat Step 5 until I have amassed 25 vendors reporting on my credit profile. My strategy is as follows.
      I add new vendors every 30 days. After 90 days of adding them, I ask for credit increases. Once I have
      broken in to one industry of vendors (Shipping for example) I add similar vendors after 90 days. In the
      example above, I added Staples, Nebs and Quill all within the office supplies industry within my first 30
      days of incorporation to my ScoreBuilder profile. Following suit, in 90 days I will add in Office Depot
      and OfficeMax while requesting credit increases from Nebs, Quill and Staples. 90 days later, I ask for
      credit increases from all 5.

      To take this a step further, I added Dell and The Home Depot as part of step 6. 90 days later, with Dell
      and The Home Depot both reporting on my credit profile, I will add in Xerox, HP, Compaq, and Lowes
      while asking for credit increases from The Home Depot and Dell. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases
      from all fully knowing that I may not get subsequent increases and may get declined.

      Usually, most vendors will allow 1 or 2 credit increases all year. Responsibility in repayment and keeping
      balances low is key.


                 The First Few Unsecured Credit Cards and a Credit Line of up to $100K

      Credit cards and credit lines require some seasoning on your company and your present management.
      Advanta Business Credit (in our chart above) is one of the only credit card providers I know of that will
      give an unsecured VISA/MC credit card to a company using a personal guarantor that has been in



