      operations for less than 6 months. Citibank and Bank of America also have some aggressive programs but
      they usually require being in business for at least one year with the same management team (President,
      Secretary, & Treasurer). American Express is one company that regularly extends credit cards to small
      companies. Qualifying for any of these credit cards is as simple as visiting their websites and applying.
      However, we’re concerned with getting qualified for business credit cards without the hassle of going
      through random credit checks and such. If you need a credit card badly and have a guarantor with stellar
      credit, I’m sure one of the above 3 will provide a business credit card for you. But if you’re willing to
      wait and build your business credit, there is an easier way.

      Once you have 25 vendors reporting on your DNB credit profile and you have been in business for 1 year,
      there are 3 lenders that will grant you credit (provided that you can qualify for it and that your guarantors
      have credit that is above 700). One is Bank of America, the other is the Home Depot MasterCard (Click
      this link: The Home Depot MasterCard to go to the website), and the third is Key Bank USA (Click here:
      Key Bank USA).

      The HDMC remains to date one of the only credit cards that don’t require any personal credit information.
      After months of tinkering with the formula, I finally found that what I’ve laid out for you above to have
      the greatest chance of success in attaining this card. Once approved, of course you’ll want to add these
      two items in to the ScoreBuilder.

      Next, call Bank of America and ask to apply for a SBAExpress credit for up to $100K. A B of A
      representative will ask you a few questions, the most important of which is your gross revenues from last
      year. Bank of America will give you up to 15 – 20% of your gross revenues from the year prior as a credit
      line with stated income documentation. When asked for owners, give the phone over to the guarantors
      and let BOFA know that your President and Secretary/Treasurer will personally guarantee the credit line.
      The only required documentation needed prior to closing will most likely be the Articles of Incorporation,
      business licenses, utility bills, etc along with the Meeting Minutes specifying the that guarantors can in
      fact sign on behalf o the company.

      Between the three lenders I just pointed out, you should be able to rack up at least $50K of unsecured lines
      provided your revenues were sufficient to get that aggressive of a credit line from Bank of America.


                                      Year 1 of Business Credit and Beyond

      If you’ve come this far, the next few sections should be incredibly important and beneficial to you. Your
      temperament drastically changes after year 1 and having accomplished everything I’ve listed in the last
      few sections. As your first year in the business credit world, you are no longer an entity that can be
      ignored. Your company is beginning to look and feel like it has a life of its own.

      Even if you weren’t able to accomplish everything with the unsecured credit lines and credit cards (due to
      credit problems, etc), your direction is not going to change much. At this point, Apprentices can act very
      Guru like by calling the DNB and Experian Business directly and asking to increase the overall credit

