      limit assigned to them. Prior to taking this step, ensure that you have updated your company’s profile
      with updated revenues, employment and management changes if there were any.

      In my example of “The Guru, Inc”, in my first year of building credit I would have had $100K in a credit
      line, $20K in credit cards against my company and 25 vendors all totaling upwards of $25K - $35K in
      credit. My total credit on my company would be somewhere in the $150K range with a 10% rotating
      balance on my credit lines. No late payments and no derogatory public record/collection is on my
      business credit report. Let’s say on my one year anniversary, I pull my Comprehensive Credit Report and
      find out the following details:


         Overall Commercial Credit Score:         600
         Paydex:                                  85
         Recommended Credit Limit:                $25,000

      To me, though the credit scores are great, what’s concerning is that the DNB is only allowing a maximum
      of a $25K limit. I don’t think that’s very credit worthy of my company. Being a Guru, I will call the
      DNB and ask them to increase my credit limit. I tell the DNB something to tune of “Our Company is
      growing fast and we cannot routinely get approved for small credit lines. We’ve demonstrated a history of

      prompt payment and credit responsibility and would like to request a credit increase so that we can apply
      for larger credit lines to help manage our growing cash flows.”

      In the case above, the DNB will most likely double, or even triple my recommended my credit line after a
      review. Why? Because I have demonstrated that my company is a responsible borrower. We’ve kept our
      records clean and have shown credit responsibility. We are definitely very credit worthy. As a Guru, my
      next step is to go back to each one of my vendors and credit accounts and ask them to “re-evaluate our
      credit line” for an increase. They run credit again and they see that our recommended credit limits are
      larger. They act accordingly.

      Using this same approach, I’ve managed to take a few companies with $150K of total credit to $250K in
      less than 60 days. After 6 months of waiting and prompt payments, I once again called the DNB and
      requested a credit line increase. I repeat this process until I have the credit I desire.


                                                 G u r u Tip
         The above approach works to perfection with one caveat. Your company has to be an income
         producing company that is commensurate with your credit increases. You cannot list on your
       profile that your company made $50K and request a credit limit increase to $250K. These types of
             requests are usually a total waste of your time as they’ll get declined 99.9% of the time.


