                 CHAPTER 7: USING A BUSINESS CREDIT SERVICES BROKER

                                                Th e G u r u
                                                       Says…

       “Know that by virtue of knowing what you’ve learned so far, you are smarter than those about to
                                            come before you.”


                                The Credit World is Filled with Deep Chasms

      Business credit is not a new concept. Yet the slew of offers that exist from brokers on the internet,
      through email and through popular online sites such as craigslist (http://www.craigslist.org) could have
      anyone believing otherwise. Brokers offering services that can build a given company’s credit to $10M in
      unsecured credit lines are marketing to the public as if they’re promoting something brand new. Better
      yet, they’d have you believe that their out of the box solution is proprietary and unique.

      Everyday I speak to at least one Apprentice feverishly looking for something that doesn’t exist in the
      financing world. This individual is so convinced that a custom hidden solution to their credit and
      financing problems exists that they’ve made it their life’s mission to find a unique financing and credit
      package that will accommodate their unusual and albeit unrealistic goals.

      These types of individuals are the target market for quite a few providers of business credit services.
      There are plenty of desperate credit seekers in the market who are willing to spend the money to build
      large credit lines. And there are plenty of business credit brokers that are willing to take their money
      without a second thought.

      Generally speaking desperation is the easiest pandemic to sell in to. All one has to do is promise the
      desperate masses that they can provide the type of services people are looking for and the distressed are
      willing to shell out hundreds if not thousands of dollars for their services. It’s really that simple.

      I have found hundreds if not thousands of individuals who were looking for something that didn’t exist:
      Free Money.

      Your final step as a soon to be business credit Guru is to understand a simple concept. Business credit is
      not Free Money. Amassing large credit lines without a sound plan of how you are going to pay these
      lines back is the first step towards an eventual business credit meltdown.



