      Instead, start with the end in mind. Know the overall purpose of the direction you are headed in. Create a
      financial plan of what you’re going to be using the lines for and document how the return you are getting
      from using these credit lines will exceed the interest rate that you’ll be paying on them.

      Effective small businessmen always think in terms of returns. Though many of you may already know
      this concept, it’s always a good reminder. In this market when there are many aggressive business credit
      programs floating around, it’s always in your best interest to be as detailed as possible about worst case
      scenarios about your credit lines and how these will affect your overall repayment ability.


            Some Common FAQ’s or How to Tell If Your Broker is a Guru vs. an Apprentice

      The following is a good list of common questions I get asked from time to time regarding issue of
      business credit brokers and overly aggressive offers on the market. My golden rule is that business credit
      gurus never need to lie. They don’t have to over promise and rarely do. Always choose a business credit
      guru when looking for a brokerage.

      I have bad credit. Someone is selling me a $25,000 shelf company with a guarantee that it comes
      with $5M in credit lines. They have someone that answers all the questions from bankers when they
      call. How is this possible? Better yet, how is this legal?

      It isn’t either. Banks will call in and ask to verify the information on the loan application. If someone is
      answering the banks “correctly”, it usually means that they are answering with false information about
      your company. Remember how I mentioned that unsecured bank credit lines are granted based on the
      amount of revenue you state you did last year? With a shelf company, the answer to that question is $0
      and anything stated to the contrary is flat out lying. Exaggerating numbers, incorrectly stating your
      business model and growth, is not legal. Don’t jeopardize your future with these unwise practices. And
      remember, Gurus never lie about income.

      Credit lines are granted on the basis of personal credit scores unless the company has demonstrated itself
      to be a creditworthy entity by itself with multiple shareholders. No one would build a company’s credit
      line up to $5M using their own personal guarantees and their own credit score and then sell it to someone
      else for a price. Too much risk. Too much liability. The $5M in credit lines are more than likely useless
      vendor credit lines discussed earlier.

      I have a 700+ credit score. I have a friend who has a company that has been around for 2 years but
      has awful credit. Can I co-sign for him to get credit lines?

      Business credit lines are granted on the strength of the GUARANTORS on the loan. You can be a
      GUARANTOR on the loan but it requires an understanding of what it is your liabilities are.



