                                               Unwise Business Ideas

      There are a few things you need to stay away from as far as business ideas are concerned. The reasons for
      this are simple. There are certain “kisses of death” in the business credit lending world that will sideline
      you to the benches before you’re even aware that you’re in the game.

      Most often, business credit Apprentices of established companies approach me when trying something
      radically different than what they’ve been doing as a business up until that point. This often is a sign of
      underlying business problems and bankers have very sensitive antennas that will pick this up in a
      heartbeat. These “Aha” moments come as great ideas to the Apprentice, but having been there and done
      that, most bankers know that borrowers are setting themselves up for utter failure. These ideas are:

              i.   Anything associated with Adult Entertainment
             ii.   Online Gambling Casinos
            iii.   A Business that buys/sells Financial Notes
            iv.    A Real Estate Investment Firm (my personal favorite)

      The first category, Adult Entertainment, doesn’t really need to be explained in too much depth so I’ll skip
      it. Just know that if you’re a plumber and suddenly get the urge to open a strip club, the odds are stacked
      very far against you if you let credit grantors know that is what you intend to do with the credit. In the
      financing realm, anything remotely associated with the industry is automatic grounds for denial for most
      banking credit and quite a few merchants as well.

      The second category is where it gets interesting. A while ago, I got approached by a group of young kids
      trying to startup an online casino; they called it “poker school”, and wanted to amass large credit lines to
      handle their cash inflows and outflows. Apparently these guys were some local poker sharks in the area
      and had amassed quite a bit of money as they were talking about paying someone $50K to set up a shelf
      company (discussed later) and get some credit going for them. They heard about me from one of my
      Apprentices turned Guru and were really excited about my methods.

      At the time, I had never considered going down this road for a potential client base and was a bit excited
      by the challenge. I called around a few banks and got one of my trusted expert credit officers on the line
      and discussed the idea with him. He flat out told me that 99% of the banks he knew of would consider
      this request simply because of their industry. I was quite taken aback. Apparently gambling institutions
      are not a hot ticket item for banks despite the obvious cash flow implications. Some banks won’t even let
      these institutions open up checking accounts.

      The reasons for this vary from State to State, but the gist is that as gambling is outlawed in most states,
      and any entity dealing with gambling not pre-approved by the state is going to be penalized. Since banks
      are the most regulated institutions in the country, it’s no surprise that no one wants to take any risk



