      associating themselves with an outfit that is potentially doing something illegal. Most banks simply won’t
      risk it.

                                                  G u r u Tip
                    Developing Credit and Banking Relationships is Key to becoming a Guru

      Financial note sellers and real estate investment firms are lumped into the same category as far as banking
      relationships are concerned. Both are considered high risk industries due to the sheer amount of defaults,
      non payments, and inexperienced managers. Real estate investment firms are especially frowned upon
      because of the lack of stability in this market on “flipping” properties. Companies that suddenly decide to
      shift gears and are looking for money or credit for investment are always troublesome and heavily
      scrutinized. Many companies that have long business histories often have the idea of buying
      distressed real estate properties and start looking for credit to do so. Though it’s certainly possible to
      attain business credit lines, explicitly getting credit for investment purposes is usually grounds for an
      automatic denial. From a financing perspective, being as expensive as they are with respect to interest
      rates, general investing simply does not deliver the type of return that would make the credit line worth
      while anyway.


                           Types of Businesses and the Impact on Business Credit

      In order to become a Guru, first you must learn about foundations of business legalities. The reason being
      is that in most cases it’s important to understand how a C corporation gets credit versus how a Partnership
      would get credit. I use the term credit loosely for the time being. I will start dissecting its meaning in a
      few chapters down the road. For now, it’s sufficient to know that credit is granted by someone or
      something and that entity, the Credit Grantor, is who we are focused on.

      In the world of business credit, the kind of legal status your company holds has a direct impact on how
      credit will be granted to you. A Buddhist belief beckons that boredom is one of the keys to enlightenment.
      If that’s so, the following section is both, enlightening and boring.

                                                  G u r u Tip
      Credit Grantors view the world in a different way. Evolving from Apprentice to Guru requires one
                           to take a look from their perspective and not your own.



