      for a single pull without a volume account. If pulling all three bureaus was the norm, businesses would be
      spending potentially $400+ getting credit for a company. On average, most companies will pull two credit
      reports: DNB and Experian.

      The major difference between the bureaus is the number of businesses each one reports on in its database
      and the scoring system(s) they use. Each bureau has a separate and unique scoring system. We’ll dive
      into these systems later, but for now its enough to know unlike the personal credit market where a 700
      score means the same thing for all three personal credit bureaus, a 225 score from DNB is not the same as
      a 225 score from Experian Business (225 doesn’t even exist as a potential score from Experian).

      Experian Business and DNB credit reports on a business account for 99% of all the reports I have come
      across to date. Once a business requests credit from a given merchant or bank the vendor will pull a credit
      report through one of these bureaus. For example, let’s say a small distribution company called Pacific
      Distribution sells office products to Bay Area law firms. In an effort to expand business, the shareholders
      decide to court a big Southern California client and receive a huge order for various office products. Let’s
      also assume that Pacific Distribution is a very small outfit (3 man show) and is incredibly cash poor.
      Instead of paying their suppliers in cash which would leave them severely depleted in reserves, the owners
      rather request a $50,000 revolving credit line from each supplier to help manage cash flows. To date,
      Pacific has made no such request from any vendor and its business credit profile has never been pulled. If
      all the suppliers use Experian to pull credit, Experian will be the first one notified that Pacific Distribution
      is seeking credit and will create a new file for the company. There is little the owners can do to modify
      the information provided to the credit bureau and cannot proactively create a new file with Experian.

      The reason why this is important is that DNB is the only bureau to date that provides a way for new
      companies with no pre-existing relationships with suppliers or other vendors to create a credit file. After
      getting a Tax ID number, the shareholders or officers of that organization can call the DNB proactively
      and request a DNB number (DUNS number) for their company. They can also input preliminary
      information such as length of time in business, names of shareholders, sales, employees, etc.

                                                    G u r u Tip
       The DNB uses a proprietary online credit management system called DNBi. It is by far the most
      comprehensive database of information on over 100 million companies. Credit Grantors often use
                      this system to request information about a particular company.


      Once a DUNS number is assigned, a new credit file for the company is created and an overall score, called
      the Paydex, is provided. The Paydex is one of 3 different scores used by DNB to provide credit
      information on a company. What the Paydex is and its importance is discussed later, but what’s important
      to note here is that the Paydex is just one of a few different scoring systems from DNB. There are others



