                                                 The Experian Beast

      Experian Business is a rigid entity and much tougher to deal with than the DNB. Unlike the DNB,
      Experian Business isn’t very “entrepreneur friendly” and there is little if anything that can be done to rid
      your company of problems that show up on your Experian business credit report. Quite a few times, as is
      the case with sole proprietorships, Experian is the festering ground for hidden liens, collections and tax
      liabilities that the owner (or shareholder if incorporated) had thought were filed against them personally,
      but have mysteriously wound up on their business credit report.

      If you are a sole proprietor and have recently incorporated or are thinking of incorporating, know that your
      Experian Business credit report will sometimes parallel the derogatory sections of your personal credit
      files. I think it’s unfair as well and the bad news is that getting this bureau to release any derogatory
      information on the business credit report is very tough.

      In any case, an Experian Business Credit Report looks like this. Experian “Credit Ranking Score” ranges
      from 0 – 100, with 100 being the highest rating a business can get. On the sample, the business is
      reporting a score of 30 and is several DBTs (Days Beyond Terms). Were a real business applying for
      credit, an approval would be difficult at best.

      Though the charts and data provided are wonderful visual aides, what I’d like you to take away from this
      exercise is that for established companies, you’ll have to ensure that Experian Business credit report
      reflect the same information as the DNB. Though there are things you can do to dispute the validity and
      accuracy of trade lines and payment history, you have to ensure that Key Facts about your company are
      the same for all bureaus. For example, if a credit grantor is considering granting a large credit line and
      notices that your Experian Business credit report shows sales of $2M while you’re DNB is showing sales
      of $3.5, and you’re stating $5M, you can bet your bottom dollar that you’ll be pulled in for a manual
      review. In this case, your personal credit score, or the credit score of your shareholders, becomes that
      much more important. Remember consistency in data found on your credit reports is the key!


                                                  G u r u Tip
       Many an Apprentice who live and die by only their DNB credit report falter in the business credit
        world sooner rather than later. Know the data on all your credit reports. Request it from the
         bankers or credit grantors every time whether are APPROVED or DECLINED for credit



