                                Personal Guarantors and Guarantees Demystified

      A great deal of ignorance lies in this statement:

                 “I want to get $1M in business credit but I don’t want to give out a personal guarantee.”

      Every time you find yourself thinking of such a statement, understand that you are thinking like an
      Apprentice and not a Guru. Gurus know that personal guarantees are a part of every, and I do mean, every
      credit and lending decision. Even credit cards have within them a personal guarantee clause. Essentially,
      all a personal guarantee is that you pledge your assets (your bank account, your home, your cars, and your
      credit) to the payment of a specific debt. A personal guarantee means that you are personally
      guaranteeing the debt. A bank or a merchant would be foolish not to ask for one. It would be like me
      going up to you to buy something from your store and saying “I don’t want to be held liable for the debt in
      case I can’t make payments on this item.” That’s a pretty foolish request. Yet many are lulled into this
      false sense of security that personal guarantees are somehow not needed on certain financing and credit
      decisions. It simply isn’t true.

      Checking personal credit and/or encumbering personal assets though are completely separate matters. A
      personal credit check may be required by the Credit Grantor to ensure that the individual asking for the
      credit request is credit worthy. In other words, does the individual have a good personal credit history that
      shows a track record of making prompt payments on similar requests when credit has been granted? This
      step may or may not be a part of a given credit decision.

      To encumber something on the other hand, in the business sense, means to put a physical lien or other
      security instrument against it. That is considered collateralizing your assets to secure a loan and is not the
      same as a personal guarantee.

      Therefore, a guarantor is an individual (or group of individuals) who have the assets and/or the credit to
      support the prompt payment of the credit request plus the interest. In credit and lending decisions, a
      guarantor personally guarantees repayment of debt through their own assets in case the debt defaults. A
      lender may or may not choose to collateralize the guarantor’s assets to complete this guarantee. It is not
      always required.

                                                    G u r u Tip
       You’d be surprised to find out that a few individuals don’t understand this simple concept and use
           the terms credit checks and guarantees synonymously. If in doubt, ask what they mean.



