                               Types of vendors that will give you instant credit

      We will now begin to take our knowledge of the fundamentals and begin to create credit. If you’re with
      me so far, the next few sections and chapter are the equivalent of a graduate course in business credit. I
      will go through step-by-step how we’re going to get your company from where it’s at currently to have a
      large amount of credit lines from vendors and banks in as short of a time as possible.

      Believe it or not, phone companies, wireless providers and a whole slew of office product companies will
      give your company credit without any financial or personal credit information. If you are currently paying
      your own wireless bill or have your phones setup in your name instead of your company, I recommend
      you change that fast. Our goal within the vendor credit arena is to get a total of 20 vendors reporting to
      our business credit file in 90 days. Here are the *types* of merchants that grant credit to us easily.

      Phone Companies and Local Broadband

      AT&T is available in most areas and they provide an easy way to get a business account. All you need is
      your Tax ID information and maybe your articles of incorporation/organization to verify that you are in
      fact a legitimate business. Usually, a phone company will setup an account for you without using any
      personal credit information. The only thing that I would suggest here is to find a way to get yourself in
      your local pages listing. This will help you in getting listed in case a merchant decides to do company
      verification. Most phone companies will provide this as an option for you and if they do not, do ask your
      sales representative on how you can get this setup.

                                                  G u r u Tip
      An 800 number greatly enhances the profile of your company and makes it look like more than just
                                you running your firm out of your home.

                                                  G u r u Tip
                              “Always make sure your company has an 8** number”

      Next, your representative should give you the option of setting up a broadband type of service (via cable
      or DSL) through your account. This is also a good idea, though you may want to shop around for the
      cheapest provider as it’s not always necessarily going to be your phone company.

      Your phone company may also ask you if you’d rather use VOIP (voice over IP) service. This is gaining
      in popularity and is cheap, fast and flexible. If you’re on a shoestring budget and need to place a high
      volume of calls for your business but can’t afford the long distance charges, this is not a bad option. Just



