      ensure that you are listed in the phone books and have a 411 listing to your business. That should
      accommodate what we’re trying to accomplish.

      Wireless

      Wireless phone providers (Sprint, Nextel, T-mobile, AT&T, etc) ALL provide business accounts without
      checking personal credit scores. I’ve found though that the page links to get started with ordering
      business services is not readily available on their websites. Instead, you’ll have often to call into the new
      customer service departments and ask for information on how to setup business accounts. One of the reps
      will usually provide information (in some cases, they may ask you to visit a local dealer with a copy of
      your articles of incorporation/organization and a utility bill of your company). In all cases, these wireless
      companies will grant as many as 20 lines for your firm. If you need them, they’re there, but having seen
      quite a few entrepreneurs “credit happy”, I have some golden advice for you. Only spend cash if it
      somehow increases your productivity, increases your revenue or decreases your expenses. Don’t
      increase your monthly expenses in the hopes that down the line the increase will help in increasing
      productivity. This is a gamble that 90% of the time causes many companies to be upside down in
      expenses before they get out of the gate. Spend wisely. Think of it as an investment. If there are 4 of you
      in the firm and they’re giving away 20 lines, only take 4.

                                                   G u r u Tip
       Business credit is not free money. Don’t be exuberant. Buy only what you can afford to pay back.


      Office Supply Stores

      The easiest merchants to get credit out of are office supply stores. Staples, OfficeMax, Office Depot and
      even online e-commerce stores like Nebs and Quill regularly grant credit. These stores grant super small
      lines ($300 - $1000) for your company but then once you have an established history with them, they will
      easily jack these lines up to as much as $5000. That’s a lot of office supplies if you ask me.

      Almost all of these stores have a separate business credit section built into their websites. If for some
      reason you can’t find it, call one of the 800 numbers for the stores and ask for a credit application for your
      business. You will get one emailed and or faxed to you right away.

      Large Technology Outfits

      Firms like Dell, IBM, HP and Xerox love granting small credit lines to newly formed companies though
      you must have a history of a few accounts with positive trade history reporting to the DNB before this step
      can be taken. Before going to these outfits, ensure that you have at least 5 other vendors on your credit
      profile that have been around for at least 90 days. Once you’re over that hump, you can list the new
      vendors as reference accounts and then start with a small business credit line from these companies.

