                 CHAPTER 4: ALL ABOUT CREDIT CARDS AND CREDIT LINES

                                                  Th e G u r u
                                                         Says…

                   “The final frontier in credit development lies in attaining unsecured credit.”


                                            True Business Credit Cards

      If you and your shareholders have great credit, applying for an unsecured business credit card is a cinch.
      Simply go to any of the credit card companies I mention in the next table, apply for a credit card and
      you’ll wind up getting one virtually overnight. Just ensure that among the plethora of offers these
      companies regularly endorse on the table, the card you are applying for is truly unsecured. In other words,
      that the business credit card shows up only on your businesses credit profile. I’ve done most of the work
      for you and given you some good hard and fast rules for each company, their qualification criteria if it was
      available, and then the contact information for each.

      Despite this information, I don’t consider these offers “true” business credit cards. In my perspective, no
      personal credit check should be required in order to grant an unsecured credit card to a business. If you’ve
      done a good job of separating your business from your own identity, than there area few companies that
      offer credit cards without personal credit checks. A few such entities are discussed in this book in the
      following section.

      Out of the gate as with even a modest credit history, you’re not going to qualify for true business credit
      cards. The reason being, of course, most do not have established business credit history and definitely not
      enough merchants reporting on your credit profile. If you are in the situation where a guarantor doesn’t
      mind having their personal credit run and can qualify for one of these credit cards, your goal is to get 3 – 5
      unsecured business credit cards on your profile along with 20 – 25 vendors reporting. If you establish
      good positive trade history with each of your merchants, pay your bills on time and keep your balances
      low (don’t max out your credit cards) then applying for credit as a business becomes a whole lot easier
      down the line (6 – 12 months of positive credit history at the minimum).

      There are a few companies that offer true business credit cards. Take my advice and ensure that you have
      a solid history of business credit before applying to any of these companies for credit. Depending on how
      deep your credit profile is they may or may not run your personal credit. Be advised, that all of them will
      ask for a personal guarantee (remember how these two differ?).



