              CHAPTER 5: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER: A STEP BY STEP PLAN

                                                Th e G u r u
                                                       Says…

                           “Follow the footsteps of those that have gone before you….
                                     …and never get swept off your feet.”


                               Watch and Follow the Guru in Action to Learn

      In the past few chapters I’ve given you just enough of what you’ll need to establish merchant credit for
      your company. But I’m not finished yet. We’re now going to create business credit for a company as if I
      was doing it myself and narrating my actions. This scenario assumes that I have little to no business
      credit. Here’s how I would create business credit for my company.

                                           Step 1: Incorporation Status

      If you are not incorporated, as I advised you earlier, incorporation is the key. Before I do anything, I
      incorporate. Let’s say, I’ve been operating a sole proprietor, called The Guru under a fictitious business
      name statement. Retaining my Tax ID number (do not change unless your business credit is also bad) I
      will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such as The
      Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have searched
      for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska.

      Next, I will incorporate a firm called “The Guru, Inc” as a C Corporation through an online provider such
      as The Company Corporation (Click Here to be connected to this site and incorporate). I already have
      searched for example that “The Guru, Inc” is a valid name for a company in Alaska. I choose 100 shares
      for no par value and assign them to myself as the owner. I assign myself as President, Secretary and
      Treasurer because The Guru is confident of his personal credit scores. If you find that you are not
      confident of your personal credit scores, please check out my Business Credit Guide for Owners with bad
      personal credit book.



