                         Step 2: Check Credit, the DNB Profile, DUNS, and ScoreBuilder

      My next step is to check credit on my entity through Experian Business and DNB. I go to these sites and
      pull my company’s credit from both entities:

         Smart Business Reports -- Experian Business (use the ProfilePlus program with Credit Score)
         DNB Comprehensive Inside Plus Report

      The cost totals $200.00. I find that my Experian Business score is 90 and that my Commercial Credit
      Score from DNB is 600 with a Paydex of 80. If you find your business credit scores significantly lower, I
      will be releasing a supplementary eBook entitled Fixing Bad Business Credit and Business Credit
      Repair. You will be notified via email once this is ready.

      Since I have a D-U-N-S number already, I signup for the ScoreBuilder program. If you don’t have a
      DUNS number, start by visiting http://www.dnb.com/us and selecting to get a D-U-N-S number. At the
      time of the publishing of this book, this option was a link on the upper right of the page. If that has
      changed, remember that the D-U-N-S number is absolutely free. There is no charge and despite what
      anyone tries to sell you, all you need for starters is the number. As a must, I recommend you pay the
      freight and buy the ScoreBuilder program if you don’t have it already.

      Next I want to update the online account for my company and sign in to create my company profile. Here,
      I’ll list update the information for my President, state the number of employees I have and my revenues.

      The only item that I want to explain a bit further here is the ScoreBuilder. In the business credit world,
      vendors and banks don’t HAVE to report to the credit bureaus. It is an option for them. Some do, some
      don’t. Unlike personal credit bureaus that rely on creditors to proactively report on payment trends, the
      DNB allows business owners the option to have a service placed on their account where DNB goes out
      and monitors your payment trends on given vendors. Even though there are some gurus that are purists
      and do not wish to go down this route, I find that typically, this is a great way to add vendors that you pay
      in full every month to build your company’s Paydex credit score to high levels fast (within 90 days). The
      payment trends will also be reflected in the Commercial Credit Score also.

                                     Step 3: DNB, Phone Lines and Broadband

      In what follows, I will follow a formula that has a pretty good hit rate for most companies without
      significant business credit history in my experience. For companies already in existence with established
      business credit profiles, the following may not be a bad exercise to read through and apply the things that
      you didn’t know were possible.

      One cautionary note: if your Paydex score is flawed and you have liens on your credit report (best to pull
      the DNB $150 comprehensive insight report on yourself to find out), you most likely will not be able to



