      repeat the following with the same results. In this case, refer to Fixing Bad Business Credit and
      Business Credit Repair eBook.

      Once I’ve established a DNB number, the next step is to open a business phone line and get broadband
      service with my DNB number (if needed) and my Tax ID number. This can be done without the Article of
      Incorporation and so I’m not going to wait for them to arrive in the mail. I ensure that my company’s
      address is different than my residential address (if I don’t have an office I use Postal Annex to create an
      artificial forwarding address).

      The simple reason for this step is once this information is enlisted with the DNB, the information becomes
      public and I do not want my home address out there for everyone to see. A private mailbox with a local
      Postal Annex and will have suite numbers instead of PO Box numbers and do the job of creating a
      separate mailing address rather quickly.

      Once my business phone lines are established, I list my company with the Yellow Pages with the new
      phone number and the new address. Upon receiving my first phone bill, I will add in my phone company
      as a vendor for my ScoreBuilder profile. Throughout this entire endeavor I will ensure that I pay all my
      bills on time.


                                                  G u r u Tip
       Remember that we are trying to build credit. Prompt payment of the entire bill is required to get
                                            stellar credit scores.


                                   Step 4: Adding Wireless and Office Vendors

      Next, large office supply vendors, such as Staples are good about giving out small credit lines to
      companies but need a copy of a utility bill showing your address. Since I have already received my first
      phone bill I will apply for a credit line of $750 at http://www.staples.com for a business credit account.
      While I’m at it, I also open a business account with NEBS (http://www.nebs.com) and QUILL
      (http://www.quill.com). Once approved on all three, I add them to my ScoreBuilder profile. I fully know
      by this time the amount of total credit I’m approved for ($750 from Staples, $300 from Quill, and $300
      from Nebs in most cases). On my business credit report, after 30 days of these vendors being added, I will
      show three trade lines totaling $1,350 with perhaps a small balance on them.

      Next I realize that I need cell phones and I know that the easiest ones to apply for are either Nextel or T-
      mobile. I follow the same principles as above. I go to the website, call the general number, ask to apply
      for a business account and follow their procedures. Usually these lines come in 5s so I may wind up
      having 5 lines in no time that are from my company and not myself. They will even have “The Guru” on
      caller ID when calling other phones. This is a revolving account and works much like the AT&T account.

