      It usually has no credit limit and so does not do much to boost scores. If I have room on my ScoreBuilder,
      I will add this account in as well, but if I do not, phone and wireless providers are not the types of vendors
      I want reporting on credit histories. Since I cannot raise credit limits, I will not gain anything except
      prompt payment history.


                                                   G u r u Tip
        The ScoreBuilder product comes in various sizes. If you are strapped for cash and cannot afford
       the $700 yearly subscription, only add the accounts where your credit limit can be raised over time
           and ones that will show prompt payment history. Having one without the other serves little
                                                    purpose.


                                         Step 5: “Fattening” the Credit File

      Once all these vendors are reporting on my credit file, my next step is to “Fatten” my credit file to get over
      $3,500 in total business credit. I can accomplish this easily over the next 60 days by adding vendors from
      Appendix A. I only pick and choose the vendors that I know correlate with my industry. For example, if I
      had registered myself as a trucking company, it would not make too much sense to have 1800Flowers as a
      vendor. Down the road, a credit grantor may choose to take a look at the “type” of vendors that are
      reporting on my credit file. Were a trucking company and had nothing but flower companies as my
      vendor base, it would not lend too much credibility to my business’ actual activities. It is doubtful for any
      trucking company to only have flower companies as the vendors it normally works through.

      Being “The Guru, Inc” I consider myself an online retailer as I am in the eBooks industry. Accordingly, I
      will pick companies that directly impact my business. To give you an example, I will most likely pick
      vendors from the following industries:

         Shipping
         Packaging
         Hosting
         eCommerce
         Computers
         Electronics

      I will stay away from companies requiring any kind of a personal credit check and continue to add them in
      until my total credit reaches $3,500.



