                           Step 6: Adding 2 Behemoths to Get to $15000 in Total Credit

      Once I reach $3,500 in total credit, I first call Staples and ask to extend my credit line to $1,500. Prior to
      making this request I ensure that my payments were all on time and that I have a $0 balance on my
      account. When asked for a reason for the increase, I state the truth. I am building my companies credit
      and it would work to our advantage of having a well known firm such as Staples increase our credit line.
      We’re responsible, well managed and as our records show, do not abuse credit. I repeat this procedure
      with Nebs and Quill. Both should double my initial credit lines. Once my credit total credit is increased
      to $5,000, I move to the first of two credit behemoths.

      I call Dell’s (www.dell.com) small business division and ask to apply for a business credit account of
      $5,000. I know that they will ask for all the same company information but they will most likely also ask
      for my company’s DUNS number. At this point in time it is to my advantage that my Paydex is above 80.
      The other credit scores don’t really matter much here unless I’ve missed payments on my report. If Dell
      denies me, it may be due to a seasoning reason (not been in business for too long) but this is a rarity.

      Once Dell has been established as a vendor, I will add them in on my ScoreBuilder profile and move to
      the other behemoth. The Home Depot is a tough cookie to deal with. Primary reason being that their
      qualification criteria are elusive and they have a habit of initially declining applicants and then approving
      them 30, 60, or 90 days later. The most important things to qualify for are the Home Depot vendor credit
      account. I follow the same basic procedure as before except in this case, I already know which website to
      go to and will point it out for you as it’s tough to find for the Apprentice.

                                 Click Here: Home Depot Revolving Charge Card


                                              Step 7: The Vendor Goal

      After following steps 1 – 6, and adding The Home Depot and Dell to my ScoreBuilder profile, my goal is
      to repeat Step 5 until I have amassed 25 vendors reporting on my credit profile. My strategy is as follows.
      I add new vendors every 30 days. After 90 days of adding them, I ask for credit increases. Once I have
      broken in to one industry of vendors (Shipping for example) I add similar vendors after 90 days. In the
      example above, I added Staples, Nebs and Quill all within the office supplies industry within my first 30
      days of incorporation to my ScoreBuilder profile. Following suit, in 90 days I will add in Office Depot
      and OfficeMax while requesting credit increases from Nebs, Quill and Staples. 90 days later, I ask for
      credit increases from all 5.

      To take this a step further, I added Dell and The Home Depot as part of step 6. 90 days later, with Dell
      and The Home Depot both reporting on my credit profile, I will add in Xerox, HP, Compaq, and Lowes
      while asking for credit increases from The Home Depot and Dell. 90 days later, I ask for credit increases
      from all fully knowing that I may not get subsequent increases and may get declined.



