      Usually, most vendors will allow 1 or 2 credit increases all year. Responsibility in repayment and keeping
      balances low is the key.

                                     Step 8: Unsecured Business Credit Cards

      After building up a fat vendor credit file with good trade histories, checking my business credit to ensure
      the correct information is reporting and that my business credit scores are stellar, I will go forward and
      apply to each of the credit card companies I outlined earlier without having to worry about personal credit
      checks. Here they are again:

                                            The Home Depot MasterCard
                                                Fuelman MasterCard
                                             Sam’s Club Discover Card
                                              Diner’s Club MasterCard
                                             Wright Express MasterCard
                                               Key Bank MasterCard

      Once I’m approved, I will add all of them on my ScoreBuilder business credit profile and head in to a
      local branch office at Chase (you cannot do this online) and open up a business checking account with an
      initial deposit of at least $10K. I will add overdraft protection and apply for a commercial credit card.
      Being careful, I’ll ask my business banker if there are any personal credit checks, but being a Guru, I
      already know that the answer will be no.

      Now…I’m ready to move on to lines of credit.

                               A Credit Line of up to $100K with a Few Others

      Being that I have great personal credit across the board, I call Bank of America and ask to apply for a
      SBAExpress credit for up to $100K. A B of A representative will ask me a few questions, the most
      important of which is my gross revenues from last year. Bank of America will give me up to 15 – 20% of
      my gross revenues from the year prior as a credit line with stated income documentation. I should get
      approved in 48 hours with funds being deposited in another 10 – 15 business days.

      I repeat the same call with Wells Fargo and Citibank (two national lenders that lend in MOST states –
      make sure that they are in yours). They will attempt to approve me for 15 – 25% of my gross revenues,
      but because of the number of credit inquiries, will wind up granting me about 10% unless I’m lucky. In
      all business credit applications, I ensure that I know at what limit the bank will put a UCC filing against
      my company and request a credit amount less than that.

      In the case of Bank of America, I know that no such filing is placed until I am at $100K or above, as is the
      case with Wells Fargo and Citibank. But were I applying to a Washington Mutual or Banco Popular, the



