      UCC filing would be after $50K. I want to avoid these filings like the plague…they greatly inhibit my
      chances of getting large loans, leases and additional credit. As a final step, I place all three on my
      ScoreBuilder account for DNB and take a deep breath before the next plunge.

                                                   G u r u Tip
       UCC filings are a way for a lender to place the equivalent of a lien against your company. Unless
      applying for a large loan or lease, you do not want these types of filings on your company for credit
      purposes. Know at what credit limits the lenders will place a UCC filings and stay below that credit
                                               limit for that lender!


                                               The Ladder to $250K

      If you’ve gotten this far, you’re well on your way to becoming a Guru someday soon. This is where we
      start branching off from basic concepts to some advanced ones. I have used this formula time and time
      again to successfully build large credit lines for established companies. I consider what I’m going to
      describe to you to be fun, but it’s require patience and some money.

      Let’s take a tally of what we should have so far before moving forward.

         25 vendors reporting on our DNB report and perhaps a few reporting on our Experian Business
         3-5 unsecured credit cards reporting on both DNB and Experian Business
         2 or 3 credit lines reporting on both bureaus totaling somewhere around $50- $200K depending on
         your revenues.

      It’s incredibly important to ensure that your personal credit scores are prime (700+ for all three) and that
      your business credit reports are also at their peak. If you’re finding that your business credit reports have
      too many inquiries on them, DNB will work with you on deleting them, but working with Experian
      Business is a mess. I provide details on how to accomplish this in a supplementary book called Bad
      Business Credit Repair.

      For the purposes of the example, I will assume that I managed to only get $50K from Bank of America as
      a credit line. Remember, that Chase bank account I opened with a $10K balance? I tap my Bank of
      America credit line for $25K and place it into my Chase checking account and let it season for a week or
      two. I call into their commercial department and request a small business credit line of 150% of my
      checking account balance. They will run my credit and approve me for another $50K. That makes the
      total credit $100K for starters.

      Next, I select 4 other large to mid sized banks within my regional locale. I want to tackle the biggest ones
      first as these will usually have more aggressive no income documentation programs. I repeat the above
      process with all four. I tap out my Chase commercial line of credit, open a checking account for $50K


