      and apply for a line of credit of 100 – 150% of that amount. Once opened, I keep the minimum balance in
      my checking and then move on to the next bank and repeat the process until I amass $250K in total credit
      lines. Assuming the $10K initial deposit into Chase and a $1,000 minimum deposit to open and KEEP a
      checking account balance in each of the other banks, once finished, I should deposit back into my BofA
      credit line a total of about $20K. Since each bank grants me $50K, it should take me 4 banks with $1,000
      minimum deposit and some closing costs to open each credit line. I deduct that as an expense from my
      original Bank of America credit line and deposit the rest back.

      I add all the new banks in to my ScoreBuilder program and I come up for air.

                             Stepping on the Next Wrung on the Ladder to $500K

      To get to $500K, our approach changes a bit as we’re going to cool off adding new banks on board for a
      little while. Let’s take a tally of what we should have so far before moving forward.

         25 vendors reporting on our DNB report and perhaps a few reporting on our Experian Business
         3-5 unsecured credit cards reporting on both DNB and Experian Business
         4 - 6 bank credit lines reporting on both bureaus totaling somewhere around $250K

      Let’s say that I have my bank credit lines in increments of $50K at Chase, Citibank, Wells Fargo,
      Wachovia and Bank of America, the latter have a credit available of only $45K. Let’s also say that I have
      a $10K balance in Chase and a $1K sitting in each of the other banks. Every 2 to 3 days, I want to move
      about $30K or more from one checking account to the next. This has to be clockwork. For example, I’d
      tap out the line from Wells Fargo and deposit into my BofA checking and then tap out the line from the
      BofA LOC and deposit it to Citi checking, and on and on. I cycle through these transfers every few days
      to show a large amount of activity with in the accounts to the bank.

      I do this for 60 days without breaking a sweat (I didn’t say this was going to be easy). Once I reach my 60
      day goal and have cycled my account dutifully, I once again call in to the same commercial credit
      department for each bank and request a 100% credit limit increase in my credit lines. When asked what’s
      prompting the large activity, I state that I consider it normal business activity. This should be sufficient of
      an explanation and barring any missed or late payments, the $250K in total credit should now be $500K.

                                                The Final Step to $1M

      I’ve had 60 days of good activity and now should have around $485K (original deposit, minus new
      checking account deposit and bank fees). To get to $1M, we default to our first approach. I find five new
      banks in my area that offer no income documentation programs, but this time, I’m starting very large
      checking accounts $75K. But before we do that, let’s recap:



