      I have the following

         25 vendors reporting on our DNB report and perhaps a few reporting on our Experian Business
         3-5 unsecured credit cards reporting on both DNB and Experian Business
         4 - 6 bank credit lines reporting on both bureaus totaling somewhere around $500K

      I follow the same steps I took to get to $250K except this time; I apply for an unsecured LOC at each bank
      upon starting the relationship making sure that I select overdraft protection on all my LOC’s of at least
      $5K. Since I’m starting a large relationship, my credit scores are prime and my business credit shows
      $500K of unsecured credit, I have some more negotiating room.

      Instead of going into the bank and asking to open up a business checking account, I tell them that that I’m
      seeking new banking partners. I will open up a checking account only if I am granted an unsecured line of
      credit. In the conversation I throw out that my opening balance is $75K or more to let them know I’m
      serious and not another fly by night startup. Most of the time, the banker will counter my offer and will
      impose a large minimum balance of in my account. These are perfectly regular requests but what I want
      to ensure is that it’s not a daily or weekly minimum balance. That would be disastrous. In the case of
      monthly minimum, you should stagger your bank statement dates so that you can rotate the monthly
      balance in before the accounting period cuts off.

      Using this approach, you should be able to open up 5 more credit lines with $100K LOC each in a little
      less than 30 to 45 days.

                                                  G u r u Tip
         The above approach works to perfection with one caveat. Your company has to be an income
         producing company that is commensurate with your credit increases. You cannot list on your
       profile that your company made $50K and request a credit limit increase to $250K. These types of
             requests are usually a total waste of your time as they’ll get declined 99.9% of the time.



