      works. So you incorporate a company, let’s call it XYZ Industries, Inc and get all the appropriate
      documentation filed with a company like BizFilings. You open up a Dunn and Bradstreet profile and
      assign your company a Paydex score. You then incorporate another company called ABC Products, Inc
      and follow the same procedure.

      ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc are both independent entities. And it is perfectly legal to be
      vendors of each other, or in other words provide each other with their own products and services. Each
      company can then proceed to give a large credit line to the other and report as such on the credit bureaus.
      After all, it’s totally the company’s business how large of a credit line it can grant.

      Let’s dive into this concept a little deeper. Say you own a small convenience store and have decided to
      give your clients with good credit scores a store credit card. It is up to you, the owner of the company, to
      grant the amount of credit to someone. You can make it as large or as small as you’d like. After all, it’s
      your credit. The individual can go around and use as much of it as they’d like in the store and buy
      whatever they want. They can pay as they go, incurring an interest charge every month that you impose
      upon them. Many companies use this model to add serious returns to merchandise. Rarely do people
      asking for credit have the ability to pay for the entire product; otherwise they’d buy it in cash. Most
      consumers love having the option of splitting their payments into installments and slowly pay back the
      balance. Most owners and companies are okay with that, provided the individual pays interest on the
      outstanding balance of what they owe every month.

      Well, what if you were to strip away all your products and services from your store? What if you sold
      absolutely nothing? You can grant as much credit to anyone you’d like because that other person has
      absolutely nothing to buy. I can give someone $1M of a credit line, report to the bureaus that I have done
      as such, and that other person has a $1M line of credit from my store. What if that other person wasn’t a
      person a at all? What if it was a company? Does it change anything?

      Absolutely not. As far as the credit bureaus are concerned, it changes nothing. I can grant credit to
      anyone and start a trade line for that company on any given credit bureau. One and done. And that’s
      what’s happening here. ABC Products, Inc and XYZ Industries, Inc don’t sell anything. Yet they grant
      each other $1M lines of credit and keep reporting to credit bureaus every 30 days with $0 balances. Now
      imagine if there was an entire group of these? How about 200 companies that did just that to each other?
      What would their credit report look like when you pulled credit? It was would have 200 vendors reporting
      perfect credit history for a long time. What do you think that does to a business credit score?

      And in essence what are you buying? You’re buying a company that has $1M of credit lines from other
      companies that probably don’t sell anything of value. Having said that, obviously if ABC Products ever
      applied for credit at another unsuspecting vendor that does sell products and service, the vendor would be
      staring at a pretty impressive credit profile and would be willing to get aggressive on its credit line. So
      shelf companies may in fact come with large credit lines from certain well known vendors (discussed
      below).What about bank lines and other lines of credit? Can a shelf company qualify for those? The
      answer is a big flat “No”.


