      There is a company who is working with a hedge fund that is giving 30% of a company’s stated
      revenue as a credit line. Why don’t I just use them?

      Ask them where? Do you know of anyone that has received this generosity? I don’t and in 3 years of
      dealing with business credit for myself and other entrepreneurs, I’ve never even heard of it. More
      importantly, do the investors of the hedge fund know that their fund managers are promoting this kind of
      exuberance? Would you invest in a hedge fund that was giving away cash to small business owners? This
      group, year after year, leads the country with the most defaults, delinquencies, and late payments.


      I received an offer in the mail from someone with excellent bank relationships that can give us a
      $1M unsecured line of credit to buy real estate. They claim that their company is filled with former
      attorneys and accountants.

      Title such as CPAs, J.D.s and such are meaningless in our world. Only two categories matter:
      Apprentices and Gurus. In the business credit world, attorneys and CPAs have little if any training on the
      subject and thus their experience is just as limited as the next guy. This is unless of course the CPA or
      attorney has specialized in business credit and has a roster of clients that they can provide for you.

      As for banks lending $1M in unsecured funds to a company to buy real estate, I have never seen it work.
      The nagging question “Why doesn’t this individual just get residential or commercial financing” always
      comes up and the answers are not so appealing as most are trying to get real estate for flipping purposes or
      buy for no cash out of their own pocket.

      My experience shows that most banks are averse to making such loans for companies that don’t have pre-
      existing relationships or a HUGE business credit file. Even in those situations, banks would require
      documentation and a business plan. Beware of so-called “stated” programs for companies that require no
      previous bank relationship. If you are being charged up front for any service, don’t buy into it

      I have terrible credit. A firm is saying that they can use their bank relationships with the
      underwriters to get business credit for me if I purchase a shelf company from them.

      This type of question comes to me regularly. The truth is that banking relationships with brokers mean
      little and those with underwriters rarely exist. Most underwriters are shielded not only from the general
      public but also from other bank employees. The reason for this is simple. The banking business is just
      like any other business in that it’s full of competition and secrets are jealously guarded. Underwriting
      guidelines from bank to bank are considered highly sensitive material.



