              CHAPTER 8: SOME FINAL WORDS OF WISDOM, PASSIVE INCOME
                OPPORTUNITIES, AND GOOD RESOURCES FOR FINANCING

                                                  Th e G u r u
                                                        Says…

                                 “The path to becoming a Guru is one of patience.
                                       Never be led off the path by greed.”


      I want to be brief in parting ways from you. I have described as best as I can a straight and narrow way of
      establishing business credit ethically. In doing so, my number one priority was to convey information and
      enlighten the many would be Apprentices on the market today. If you’re a businessman or
      businesswoman, I’m sure you can see the value in having an unbiased text such as the one I have provided
      for the myriad of entrepreneurs and business credit seekers that are often led astray by offers that are not
      honest. It is with this spirit that I ask you to share the information I have provided wisely and profitably.

      First, is to become an affiliate of our products from the Business Credit Guru. We provide generous
      commissions to our partners who help us enlighten others on any one or all six of our products. Please
      email us to find out more about our affiliate program.

      Second, one of the best resources I have to my disposal is an army of top lawyers. Despite the money I’ve
      made as a successful business credit guru and a business financing guru, you’d be surprised to hear how
      much I pay per month for my legal bills: Less than $30.00. That’s right, not $3,000, but thirty dollars a
      month. There are no gimmicks and no other hidden costs. To date, I have encouraged all my clients,
      colleagues and friends to join this service through Pre-Paid Legal. For $26.00/month, you can’t get a
      better bargain. Plus you get commissions for referring others as well. To register, email us directly at

      Third, a few close colleagues, and former understudies of The Business Credit Guru, created a seminar
      about how to purchase foreclosures and other real estate for less than $1000. I was very skeptical at first,
      but when I saw what they had to promote, I was delighted. Being former financiers, these two individuals
      have used all of the principles in this book to create an out-of-the-box solution for creating credit and
      acquiring any type of investment with it. They offer a traveling seminar and a weekly webinar on their
      unique approach. They even offer to do it for you and will refund your money if they can’t. They’re tag
      line: “We’re lazy financiers.” And to that I do attest, they are very lazy, but very wealthy. Look them up
      by clicking here. They called themselves The Unlimited Working Capital Seminar.



