

        How Long Does Negative Information Stay on Your Credit Report
What is a credit report and why is it important?
Your report is a snapshot of your payment history. It details when you applied for credit, how many
positive and negative accounts you have, who viewed your report, and all of your personal information.
Reviewing your report every four to six months gives you a chance to check for identity theft, inaccurate
accounts, and incorrect information. It allows you to manage your financial situation before applying for a
credit card, auto loan, bank loan, mortgage loan, employment, or insurance. For example, if you check
your credit and notice that there were a few negative items on your report, you will have a chance to fix
those items before applying for credit. By doing this, you avoid embarrassment and several inquiries,
which lower your credit score.

How Long Does Negative Information Stay on Your credit file?
Every month, the creditors and collection agencies that you have accounts with?will report positive and
negative information to the credit bureaus through a computer tape monitoring system that is updated
regularly. The credit bureaus then turn around and update the information. A third-party company
normally passes public record information onto the credit bureaus.

When does negative information come off my credit file?
Each negative item has a federal statute of limitation on when it must drop off your credit report. Once the
statute of limitation has expired, the item must be deleted from your credit report according to the Fair
Credit Reporting Act.

Federal Statute of Limitations

Late payments:
Once you become more than 30 days late on any of your bills, the financial institution that you hold the
loan with will disclose your late status to the credit bureau. You can be reported as either 30, 60, or 90
days late, and by law, the late marks will remain on your credit report for seven years.

Inquiries:
Whenever you apply for a credit card or a loan, your report is checked, which results in a hard inquiry.
These inquiries could damage your credit score if you have more than six in two months. They can also
stay on your credit report for up to two years.

Charge offs:
These are debts that the creditor felt that they could not collect on anymore after 180 days, so they
charged them off as a bad debt. However, the creditor can still sell the account to a third-party collector
for collection purposes.

Judgments:
If a creditor takes you to court and sues for a judgment, this destructive item will be placed on your
report. The courts issue judgments that can stay on your report for up to seven years, but it can be


