

                     How to Raise Your Credit Score In 5 Easy Steps
Ever wonder how a particular person raised their credit score to 750. Well, I used to ask myself that same
question until I started applying the five sure killer steps to my situation. Once I started using these
techniques, my three digit number started increasing overtime.

How to increase my credit score step 1- Ask for a credit increase

Ask your creditor to raise your limit that way it will reduce your balance and give you a slight bump up in
your score.

How to increase my credit score step 2 - Apply for credit sparingly

Don't apply for many accounts in a short period of time because the credit bureau will send a Trans Alert
to the creditors informing them that you have applied for multiple accounts.

How to increase my credit score step 3- Re-aging

Ask your creditor to re-age your account to improve your credit score. This method is the process by
which your creditor agrees to forgive your late payment history and reclassify your account as up to date.
You must qualify for re-aging according to (FFIEC) Federal Financial Examination Council and must
establish and follow a policy that requires you to demonstrate a renewed willingness and ability to repay
the debt. The account must be at least nine months old, and you must make three consecutive minimum
monthly payments.

How to increase my credit score step 4 - Rapid re-score

In this method, the lender will review your credit report and tell you which item needs to be paid off or
fixed. You will then pay off the negative items and get proof from the creditor. You then give the proof to
the lender who will give it to the third - party vender who passes the information to the credit bureau. The
bureau will then update your credit report reflecting your new credit score. This strategy is used primarily
when you are trying to get a home. This feature is offered by a third - party vender, and the company is
contracted by the credit bureau, not to offer the service to the public, but only to mortgage brokers.

How to increase my credit score step 5 - Have the credit bureaus add new accounts

Ask the credit bureau to add any account with a payment history that is not reflecting on your credit
report.

Concluding, raising your credit score is not an easy task because it takes education, time, money and
patience. Remember the saying that Rome was not built over night. This concept also applies to your
three digit number. Now that you are empowered with additional education, gout there and take action.




