

                      Ways to Increase Your Credit Score in 90 Days
Have you ever image how you could get your credit score up so that you could buy that dream house, new
car and that new flat screen TV. Are you tired of being turned down for credit because your three-digit
number is too low? What about being charged high inter rates. Well, rest assure because if you apply the
four proven strategies listed below, I guarantee you will see results with an increase credit score.

Increase credit score tip 1 - Pull your credit report

You can start by removing errors from your credit report. While scanning your credit report, look for any
inquiries that you did not authorize. Inquiries could lower your score as much as five points per inquiry.
Get the creditor to prove that you gave them permission to pull your credit report, and if they can't prove
it, then the inquiry must be deleted according to the law. You should also inspect your report for the
following:

  •     Accounts that are not yours
  •     Trade lines that are incorrect
  •     Outdated debts
  •     Accounts with the mark of authorized user
  •     Credit accounts that were paid but still shows outstanding
  •     Credit limits that are not being reported
  •     Any errors that require dispute
  •     Unauthorized Inquiries


Increase credit score tip 2 - Pay your bills on time

Make a list of all of your debts and their due dates. Then type in the due dates into your computer and cell
phone calendars with reminders made active. Use the Internet banking program, and your online credit
card site to send you email reminders when your bills are due. In addition, you can set up your accounts to
have the money automatically taken out at the due date. When paying your bills, you can pay them as
they come in, use online banking or bill pay or through your financial institution web site. Using the
various methods mentioned above will help you pay your debts. Making each payment on time raises
your credit score.

Increase credit score tip 3 Pay down your debt

Put your debts in order from the card with the highest balance to the lowest. Pay each account down to
30% and keep it there to increase your three digit number. Finding money to help you pay down your debt
may be difficult, but there are numerous ways to raise extra cash. You can have a garage sale, sell on
Ebay, get an extra job, pull from your savings, borrow from friends, and cut your expenses. Any of these
are an option.

Increase credit score tip 4 Don't close old accounts

