

       Simple Ways to Help Increase Your Credit Score By Over 100 Points
Due to the recession, many consumers are experiencing money problems and damaged to their credit
files. Paying bills and meeting daily expense is the main things on consumer's minds and nothing else.
Therefore, consumers are forced to seek loans from bad credit lenders with high interest rates and high fee
cards. They do this just to stay above water with their bills. However, three months down the road they
default on their financial obligations.

These actions tend to be the leading reason for consumers having a bad credit score. In today's society, the
3 digit numbers are important when it comes to getting approved for the things you want in life. For
example, if you want to buy a new car with a low interest rate, you will need a good score. Second
example, if you want to purchase your first home, you would need a good 3-digit number.

Your 3-digit number is based on the information in your bureau report, which is produced by the three
bureaus. "Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act" are the watchdogs over the bureaus. Your 3-digit
number decides whether or not you will be approved. When determining your lending worthiness, the
lenders base their approval decision on your bureau reports. If the lending institution sees that you had a
poor paying history, the chances of you getting approved is slim to none. In this article, I will disclose a
few simple ways to raise your credit score.

Simple Ways to Help Increase Your Credit Score tip 1

Learn from the banks
Banks will let you know why you were denied and what you can do to improve your chances. Take the
bank's suggestions and improve your 3-digit number to avoid high interest rates when you apply for a
loan in the future.

Simple Ways to Help Increase Your Credit Score tip 2

Learn from the credit card company
If you were denied by a card company, write a letter to them and see why you were denied. Then take
your new found information and make improvements to your score.

Simple Ways to Help Increase Your Credit Score tip 3

Don't apply
While you are improving your score, do not apply for any new loans as this will damage your 3-digit
number further.

Simple Ways to Help Increase Your Credit Score tip 4

More tips
For more tips and ways to improve your score, search the internet, and read books on the topic. Try to
follow the steps and techniques taught to you by the experts online and in the books. By following their
strategies you will increase your chances of improving your 3-digit number.
