

          Build or Rebuild Your Credit After Bankruptcy and Foreclosure
Pull your credit report
The first thing you want to do is get a copy of your credit report for review. Order your credit report using
the methods discussed in chapter one. Once you have the credit report, review it for accounts that do not
belong to you. If there are negative items on your report, use the dispute methods in chapter one on how
to repair your credit report. If your report is clean, then it's time to start building credit.

Step one: Retail cards
Retail cards like those at Macy's and JC Penny's are easier to get than major credit card. The reason the
retail cards are easier to get is because they grant lower limits and the card is tied to merchandise in their
store only. Apply for a card and then make your payments on time for six months. Then pull your credit
report and check your payment history.

Step three: Six-Month Mark -Gas Card
Go to any gas station that offer cards and apply. Your chances of getting approved is high because you
have already established six months of on time payments. Keep paying on both cards to maintain your
good payment status.

Step four: Twelve-Month Timeline-Credit Builder Loans and Credit Unions You know how important it
is to have good credit. A Credit Builder Loan is your key to establishing or reestablishing your credit.
Here's how it works. The Credit Union loans you money that is deposited into a certificate of deposit. You
make regular payments that are reported to the credit-reporting agencies. Once the loan is paid off, you
get the certificate of deposit and have a better credit score. The benefits of this program is that you don't
have to put any money up front, the Credit Union reports to all three credit bureaus and you establish a
small savings at the end of the 12 month installment.

Step five: Two Year Mark -Visa and Master Card
With your mixture of credit trade lines and two years of a solid payment history, it's time to go for the big
bank credit cards like Visa and Master card. The FICO scoring model really likes to see consumers with
credit cards from the major banks. Go to one of your favorite bank, and ask them what type of credit score
you would need to qualify for their Master card. Then apply to create greater credit.




