

Establish and Reestablish Your Credit - 5 Questions and Answers You Should
Know
Are you often confused when it comes to creating and rebuilding your credit file? Listed below are five
questions and answers that will help you with your journey to a better file.

Establish and Reestablish Your Credit

How many cards do I need?

Carry one to two bank cards, one retail card and one gasoline card. Creditors want to see how you will
manage more than one card as far as payment history goes. If you can't pay the minimum monthly
payment every month, don't use most of the cards.

What if I had a bankruptcy?

You can start rebuilding 18 to 20 months.

Establish and Reestablish Your Credit

I'm a foreigner and now I live in the USA with no credit?

Continue using your International card, and then get a letter from the bank in your country displaying
your good payment history. Take that letter to your local bank loan officer and apply for a loan using the
letter as a reference.

Establish and Reestablish Your Credit

What is piggybacking?

Have a friend or family member with a good payment history call up their card company and have them
add you to their account as an authorized user. The card company will issue a card in your name, and once
the card arrives at your friend's house. He or she will cut the card up. Wait a month later and check your
report to see if your friends entire credit history for that card is on your credit report. This is a fast way to
build credit within 30 days. Now, the downfall to this method is that if your friend makes a late payment
or refuses to pay, your report will show the same negative activity, therefore damaging your good credit
rating. Do consider the potential consequences carefully before moving in this direction. In addition,
FICO 08 model has eliminated this method for calculating your score, so the technique may or may not
work, but it is still worth a try.

How can I add new accounts to my bureau reports?

The first step you can take in strengthening your financial situation is to write to the lenders and request
that they add your good accounts if they do not appear on your report. Since the main purpose behind

