
   •   You owe a certain amount of money.
   •   You have to pay back a set amount of that money each month and
       this set amount does not change.
   •   You also have a certain amount of time to pay off the loan.



EQUIFAX


       1) All information appearing above the line reading "credit history"
          is identification information. Moving below the "credit history"
          line is the substantive information about your credit.


       2) Read each trade line from left to right. The first item is the
          "company name". This indicates who the creditor is that is
          reporting data about your to Equifax. The next item is the
          account number assigned by the creditor to the account. This
          number may not be the same as the account number in your
          records due to scrambling for privacy/security reasons or
          creditor added numbers to segregate files by creditor office or
          region.


       3) The next item is "whose account". The code in this entry
           corresponds to your involvement with the account. For example
           the letter "S" indicates that you are an authorized user of the
           account; the letter "J" indicates that this is a joint account and
           that you share liability on the debt; the letter "I" shows that it is
           your individual account and that you are solely liable for its
           repayment; the letter "T" indicates that your involvement with
           the account is terminated and "U" shows that the bureaus does
           not know your relationship with the account.


       4) The next column "Date Opened" is the date on which the
           account was opened. This date may be different than your
           records due to refinancing, creditor assignment of accounts,
           company mergers or other creditor based activity.
                                       Page 26

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                 www.ErasingBadCredit.com