

      11) The next column "STATUS" is the most important information in
         the credit report. This item shows the actual rating of the entire
         trade line. To begin, the status item will start with a letter. The
         letter "R" stands for revolving, the letter "I" stands for
         installment, the letter "U" indicates unspecified and "O" stands
         for open. After the letter is a number indicating the manner of
         payment for the account. The number "1" indicates timely
         payment. The number"2" indicates that the account was paid
         late but not more than 60 days past due. The number "3"
         indicates that the account was paid late more than 60 days but
         fewer than 90 days. The number "4" indicates that the account
         was paid late more than 90 days but fewer than 120 days. The
         number "5" indicates that the account was paid but more than
         120 days late.


         An account status with the number "8" indicates some form of
         repossession activity. The number "9" stands for some form of
         bad debt; either a charge off to profit and loss by the creditor or
         referred for collection.


         Reading the status codes from 1 to 9 provides you with a scale
         of the relative detriment shown by each item. Starting with "1",
         the best rating any item can have, going to "9", the absolute
         worst rating available for any item, you can judge just how good
         or bad any particular trade line is rated.


      12) The final column "date reported" gives you the date on which
         the information for the trade line was provided to Equifax.


      13) Moving to the next line of the item, you will find the payment
         status of the account. The indication "closed account" indicates
         that the account is no longer open and that your relationship
         with this account is terminated.


                                     Page 28

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                              www.ErasingBadCredit.com