

      9) The next column, to the far right with the heading "TYPE
          ACCOUNT & MOP", is the most important information in the
          credit report. This item shows the actual rating of the entire
          trade line. To begin, the status item will start with a letter. The
          letter "R" stands for revolving, the letter "l" stands for
          installment, the letter "U" indicates unspecified and "O" stands
          for open. After the letter is a number indicating the manner of
          payment for the account. The number "1" indicates timely
          payment. The number "2" indicates that the account was paid
          late but not more than 60 days past due. The number "3"
          indicates that the account was paid late more than 60 days but
          less than 90 days. The number "4" indicates that the account
          was paid late more than 90 days but less than 120 days. The
          number "5" indicates that the account was paid but more than
          120 days late.


      44% OF COMPLAINTS (ABOUT CREDIT BUREAU ERRORS) WERE
      ABOUT SOMEONE ELSE'S DATA MIXED IN WITH THE CONSUMER'S
      REPORT...64% CONCERNED TOTAL STRANGERS
                                        U. S. PIRG




         An account status with the number "8" indicates some form of
         repossession activity. The number "9" stands for some form of
         bad debt; either a charge off to profit and loss or referred for
         collection. The letter following the number designates the
         current status of the item.


         Reading the status codes from 1 to 9 provides you with a scale
         of the relative detriment shown by each item. Starting with "1",
         the best rating any item can have, going to "9", the absolute
         worst rating available for any item, you can judge just how good
         or bad any particular trade line is rated.


                                      Page 32

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                www.ErasingBadCredit.com