
         outstanding as of the date the information was provided to the
         credit bureau.


      7) The next item "account/docket number" is the account number
          assigned by the creditor to the account. This number may not
          be the same as the account number in your records due to
          scrambling for privacy/security reasons or creditor added
          numbers to segregate files by creditor office or region.


      8) The "payment profile" column is one of the most confusing parts
          of the credit report. When this field is filled in, it indicates the
          payments to the account for the last 24 months; the first 12
          months in the first row and the second 12 months immediately
          below in the next row.


         The numbers in the "payment pattern" field go from 1 to 5. The
         number "1' indicates timely payment. The number "2" indicates
         that the account was paid late but not more than 60 days past
         due. The number "3" indicates that the account was paid late
         more than 60 days but fewer than 90 days. The number"4"
         indicates that the account was paid late more than 90 days but
         fewer than 120 days. The number "5" indicates that the account
         was paid but more than 120 days late.


      9) Moving to the next line, the first item is the "status comment".
         This is a narrative of the account's current status. If the account
         was placed for collection, closed, transferred or has other
         available comments, such information is entered at this location.


      10) The next item is the "status date". This entry provides you with
         the date of last activity. The date of last activity is the starting
         point from where the bureaus measure the seven years that
         information may remain on your credit report. The date of last
         activity is properly measured from the date when an account
         went to collection, was charged to profit and loss (write-off) or
                                      Page 37

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                www.ErasingBadCredit.com