
SS 604. PERMISSIBLE PURPOSES OF REPORTS
A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the
following circumstances and no other: (1) In response to the order of a court
having jurisdiction to issue such an order. (2) In accordance with the written
instructions of the consumer to whom it relates. (3) To person which it has
reason to believe (A) intends to use the information in connection with a
credit transaction involving the consumer on whom the information is to be
furnished and involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an
account of, the consumer; or (B) intends to use the information for
employment purposes; or (C) intends to use the information in connection
with the underwriting of insurance involving the consumer; or (D) intends to
use the information in connection with a determination of the consumer's
eligibility for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental
instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant's financial
responsibility or status; or (E) otherwise has a legitimate business need for
the information in connection with a business transaction involving the
consumer.

SS 605. OBSOLETE INFORMATION
(a) Except as authorized under subsection (b), no consumer reporting agency
may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of
information: (1) Cases under title 11 of the United States Code or under the
Bankruptcy Act that, from the date of entry of order for relief or the date of
adjudication, as the cause may be, antedate the report by more than 10
years. (2) Suits and judgments which, from date of entry, antedate the report
by more than seven years or until the governing statute of limitations has
expired, whichever is the longer period. (3) Paid tax liens which, from date of
payment, antedate the report by more than seven years. (4) Accounts placed
for collection or charged to profit and loss which antedate the report by more
than seven years. (5) Records of arrest, indictment, or conviction of crime
which, from date of disposition, release, or parole, antedate the report by
more than seven years. (6) Any other adverse item of information which
antedated the report by more than seven years. (b) The provisions of
subsection (a) are not applicable in the case of any consumer credit report to
be used in connection with (1) a credit transaction involving, or which may
reasonably be expected to involve, a principal amount of $50,000 or more;
(2) the underwriting of life insurance involving, or which may reasonably be
expected to involve, a face amount of $50,000 or more; or( 3) the
employment of any individual at an annual salary which equals, or which may
reasonably be expected to equal $20,000, or more.

SS 606. DISCLOSURE OF INVESTIGATIVE CONSUMER REPORTS
(a) A person may not procure or cause to be prepared an investigative
consumer report on any consumer unless (l) it is clearly and accurately
disclosed to the consumer that an investigative consumer report including
information as to his character, general reputation, personal characteristics,
and made of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, and such
disclosure (A) is made in a writing mailed, or otherwise delivered, to the
consumer, not later than three days after the date on which the report was
first requested, and (B) includes a statement informing the consumer of his
right to request the additional disclosures provided for under subsection (b) of
                                        Page 83

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                  www.ErasingBadCredit.com