
this section; or (2) the report is to be used for employment purposes for
which the consumer has not specifically applied. (b) Any person who procures
or causes to be prepared an investigative consumer report on any consumer
shall, upon written request made by the consumer within a reasonable period
of time after the receipt by him of the disclosure required by subsection (a)
(1), shall make a complete and accurate disclosure of the nature and scope of
the investigation requested. This disclosure shall be made in a writing,
mailed, or otherwise delivered, to the consumer not later than five days after
the date on which the request for such disclosure was received from the
consumer or such report was first requested, whichever is the later. (c) No
person may be held liable for any violation of subsection (a) or (b) of this
section if he shows by a preponderance of the evidence that at the time of the
violation he maintained reasonable procedures to assure compliance with
subsection (a) or (b).

SS 607. COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES
(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall maintain reasonable procedures
designed to avoid violations of section 605 and to limit the furnishing of
consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 604. These procedures
shall require that prospective users of the information identify themselves,
certify the purposes for which the information is sought, and certify that the
information will be used for no other purpose. Every consumer reporting
agency shall make a reasonable effort to verify the identity of a new
prospective user and the uses certified by such prospective user prior to
furnishing such user a consumer report. No consumer reporting agency may
furnish a consumer report to any person if it has reasonable grounds for
believing that the consumer report will not be used for a purpose listed in
section (b) Whenever a consumer reporting agency prepares a consumer
report it shall follow reasonable procedures to assure maximum possible
accuracy of the information concerning the individual about whom the report
relates.

SS 608. DISCLOSURES TO GOVERNMENTAL AGENCIES
Not withstanding the provisions of section 604, a consumer reporting agency
may furnish identifying information respecting any consumer, limited to his
name, address, former addresses, places of employment, or former places of
employment, to a governmental agency.

SS 609. DISCLOSURES TO CONSUMERS
(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall, upon request and proper
identification of any consumer, clearly and accurately disclose to the
consumer: (1) The nature and substance of all information (except medical
information) in its files on the consumer at the time of the request. (2) The
sources of the information; except that the sources of information acquired
solely for use in preparing an investigative consumer report and actually used
for no other purpose need not be disclosed: Provided, That in the event an
action is brought under this title, such sources shall be available to the
plaintiff under appropriate discovery procedures in the court in which the
action is brought. (3) The recipients of any consumer report on the consumer
which it has furnished (A) for employment purposes within the two year
period preceding the request and (B) for any other purpose within the six
month period preceding the request. (b) The requirements of subsection (a)
                                       Page 84

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                www.ErasingBadCredit.com