
respecting the disclosure of sources of information and the recipients of
consumer reports do not apply to information received or consumer reports
furnished prior to the effective date of this title except to the extent that the
matter involved is contained in the files of the consumer reporting agency on
that date.

SS 610. CONDITIONS OF DISCLOSURE TO CONSUMERS
(a) A consumer reporting agency shall make the disclosures required under
section 609 during normal business hours and on reasonable notice. (b) The
disclosures required under section 609 shall be made to the consumer. (1) in
person if he appears in person and furnishes proper indemnification; or (2) by
telephone if he has made a written request, with proper identification, for
telephone disclosure and the toll charge, if any, for the telephone call is
prepaid by or charged directly to the consumer. (c) Any consumer reporting
agency shall provide trained personnel to explain to the consumer any
information furnished to him pursuant to section 609. (d) The consumer shall
be permitted to be accompanied by one other person of his choosing, who
shall furnish reasonable identification. A consumer reporting agency may
require the consumer to furnish a written statement granting permission to
the consumer reporting agency to discuss the consumer's file in such person's
presence. (e) Except as provided in sections 616 and 617, no consumer may
bring any action or proceeding in the nature of defamation, invasion of
privacy, or negligence with respect to the reporting of information against and
consumer reporting agency, any user of information, or any person who
furnishes information to a consumer reporting agency, based on information
disclosed pursuant to section 609, 610, or to false information furnished with
malice or to injure such consumer.

SS 611. PROCEDURE IN CASE OF DISPUTED ACCURACY
(a) If the completeness of accuracy of any item of information contained in
his file is disputed by a consumer, and such dispute is directly conveyed to
the consumer reporting agency by the consumer, the consumer reporting
agency shall within a reasonable period of time reinvestigate and record the
current status of that information unless it has reasonable grounds to believe
that the dispute by the consumer if frivolous or irrelevant. If after such
reinvestigation such information is found to be inaccurate or can no longer be
verified, the consumer reporting agency shall promptly delete such
information. The presence of contradictory information in the consumer's file
does not in and of itself constitute reasonable grounds for believing the
dispute is frivolous or irrelevant. (b) If the reinvestigation does not resolve
the dispute, the consumer may file a brief statement setting forth the nature
of the dispute. The consumer reporting agency may limit such statements to
not more than one hundred words if it provides the consumer with assistance
in writing a clear summary of the dispute. (c) Whenever a statement of a
dispute is filed, unless there is reasonable grounds to believe that it is
frivolous or irrelevant, the consumer reporting agency shall, in any
subsequent consumer report containing the information in question, clearly
note that it is disputed by the consumer and provide either the consumer's
statement or a clear and accurate codification or summary thereof. (d)
Following any deletion of information which is found to be inaccurate or
whose accuracy can no longer be verified or any notation as to disputed
information, the consumer reporting agency shall, at the request of the
                                        Page 85

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                   www.ErasingBadCredit.com