
report unless such adverse information has been verified in the process of
making such subsequent consumer report, or the adverse information was
received within the three month period preceding the date the subsequent
report is furnished.

SS 615. REQUIREMENTS ON USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS
(a) Whenever credit or insurance for personal, family, or household purposes,
or employment involving a consumer is denied or the charge for such credit
or insurance is increased either wholly or partly because of information
contained in a consumer report from a consumer reporting agency, the user
of the consumer report shall so advise the consumer against whom such
adverse action has been taken and supply the name and address of the
consumer reporting agency making the report. (b) Whenever credit for
personal, family, or household purposes involving a consumer is denied or the
charge for such credit is increased either wholly or partly because of
information obtained from a person other than a consumer reporting agency
bearing upon the consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit
capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of
living, the user ' of such information shall, within a reasonable period of time,
upon the consumer's written request for the reasons for such adverse action
received within sixty days after learning of such adverse action, disclose the
nature of information to the consumer. The user of such information shall
clearly and accurately disclose to the consumer his right to make such written
request at the time such adverse action is communicated to the consumer.
(c) No person shall be held liable for any violation of this section if he shows
by a preponderance of the evidence that at the time of the alleged violation
he maintained reasonable procedures to assure compliance with the
provisions of subsections (a) & (b).

SS 616. CIVIL LIABILITY FOR WILLFUL NONCOMPLIANCE
Any consumer reporting agency or user of information which willfully fails to
comply with any requirement imposed under this title with respect to any
consumer is liable to that consumer in an amount equal to the sum of (1) any
actual damages sustained by the consumer as a result of the failure; (2) such
amount of punitive damages as the court may allow; and (3) in the case of
any successful action to enforce any liability under this section the costs of
the action together with reasonable attorney's fees as determined by the
court.

SS 617. CIVIL LIABILITY FOR NEGLIGENT NONCOMPLIANCE
Any consumer reporting agency or user of information which is negligent in
failing to comply with any requirement imposed under this title with respect
to any consumer is liable to that consumer in an amount equal to the sum of
(1) any actual damages sustained by the consumer as a result of the failure;
(2) in the case of any successful action to enforce any liability under this
section, the costs of the action together with reasonable attorney's fees as
determined by the court.

SS 618. JURISDICTION OF COURTS; LIMITATION OF ACTIONS
An action to enforce any liability created under this title may be brought in
any appropriate United States district court without regard to the amount in
controversy, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, within two years
                                        Page 87

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                  www.ErasingBadCredit.com