
from the date on which the liability arises, except that where a defendant has
materially and willfully misrepresented any information required under this
title to be disclosed to an individual and the information so misrepresented is
material to the establishment of the defendant's liability to that individual
under this title, the action may be brought at any time within two years after
discovery by the individual of the misrepresentation.

SS 619. OBTAINING INFORMATION UNDER FALSE PRETENSES
Any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer
from a consumer reporting agency, under false pretenses shall be fined not
more than $5,000 imprisoned not more than one year, or both.

SS 620. UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE BY OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES
Any officer or employee of a consumer reporting agency who knowingly and
willfully provides information concerning an individual from the agency's files
to a person not authorized to receive that information shall be fined not more
than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.

SS 621. ADMINISTRATIVE ENFORCEMENT
(a) Compliance with the requirements imposed under this title shall be
enforced under the Federal Trade Commission Act by the Federal Trade
Commission with respect to consumer reporting agencies and all other
persons subject thereto, except to the extent that enforcement of the
requirements imposed under this title is specifically committed to some other
government agency under subsection (b) hereof. For the purpose of the
exercise by the Federal Trade Commission of its functions and powers under
the Federal Trade Commission Act, a violation of any requirement or
prohibition imposed under this title shall constitute an unfair or deceptive act
or practice in commerce in violation of section 5 (a) of the Federal Trade
Commission Act and shall be subject to enforcement by the Federal Trade
Commission under section 5 (b) thereof with respect to any consumer
reporting agency or person subject to enforcement by the Federal Trade
Commission pursuant to this subsection, irrespective of whether that person
if; engaged in commerce or meets any other jurisdictional tests in the Federal
Trade Commission Act. The Federal Trade Commission shall have such
procedural, investigative, and enforcement power, including the power to
issue procedural rules in enforcing compliance with the requirements imposed
under this title and to require the filing of reports, the production of
documents', and the appearance of witnesses as though the applicable terms
and conditions of the Federal Trade Commission Act were part of this title.
Any person violating any of the provisions of this title shall be subject to the
penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal
Trade Commission Act though the applicable terms and provisions thereof
were part of this title. (b) Compliance with the requirements imposed under
this title with respect to consumer reporting agencies and persons who use
consumer reports from such agencies shall be enforced under (1) section 8 of
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act in the case of: (A) national banks, by the
comptroller of the Currency; (B) member banks of the Federal Reserve
System (other than national banks). by the Federal Reserve Board; and (C)
banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (other than
members of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. (2) section 5 (d) of
the Home Owners Loan Act of 1933, section 407 of the National [lousing Act,
                                       Page 88

eBusinesspower 2000,2001                                 www.ErasingBadCredit.com