                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month


What is Credit Repair?
In a nutshell, credit repair is deleting incorrect information from your credit report.
You have undoubtedly seen the humorous television commercials about the poor
soul who found out the hard way his credit score was trashed. Did you know many
poor scores can be improved through credit repair?

How do you do it? By systematically disputing inaccurate, erroneous, and
unverifiable entries on your credit report. This manual will outline the credit repair process for you in easy
to follow steps.

Credit repair was made possible by the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1971. This law gave ordinary
consumers like you many new rights; one of the most important of which was the right to dispute inaccurate
information on your credit report.

The law has gone though many updates, amendments, and changes over the last few decades; adding new
sections and expanding consumer coverage. Most recently, The Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act
(FACTA) of 2003 added even more rights, including the right to receive a free copy of your credit report each
year. You can’t repair what you don’t know is there; and this law made it possible to easily take that first
step in credit repair --- getting your hands on a copy of your own report.

There are also strong new regulations on how creditors must deal with identity theft cases, fraud alerts, and
how they must dispose of consumer information.

Of all these new rights, the most important thing the Fair Credit Reporting Act and FACTA did was to allow
consumers the right to dispute inaccurate information on their reports.

The exact language in the Act reads:

       “If the completeness or accuracy of any item
       of information contained in a consumer's file at a consumer reporting
       agency is disputed by the consumer and the consumer notifies the agency
        directly of such dispute, the agency shall reinvestigate, free of charge, and
        record the current status of the disputed information, or delete the item
        from the file in accordance with paragraph (5), before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the
       date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer.”

There are other facets of the Fair Credit Reporting Act allowing consumers to challenge the validity of their
credit reports. Once a consumer like you has challenged or disputed items on the report, it then becomes
the creditor’s responsibility to respond to those disputes by validating their accuracy or deleting them from
your report. Forget about trusting that it will be done; the law is on your side and the credit bureaus are
required to comply.