                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

This law, the language it contains, and your rights as a consumer to challenge what may be in your credit
report are the foundations on which the credit repair process is built.

In this guide you will learn exactly how the credit bureau system works, and how to conquer it. You will
discover how to use the complex credit bureau OCR and e-OSCAR computer systems the credit bureaus use
to work for your advantage instead of for your creditors’ advantage.

You will even learn Advanced Dispute Methods. The Fair Credit Reporting Act is not the only law that will
help insure your credit is fixed fast, and with the Advanced Dispute Methods you’ll know how to get it done.
With tools like these you will soon have the excellent credit you deserve.

                                 Bad Credit Unsecured Credit Card

Do You Need Credit Repair?
Credit is the lifeblood of economic growth of individuals as well as corporations. Your financial life is
intertwined with your credit availability. In short, your credit is your life. If you doubt that consider that the
majority of payments you make every month are affected by your credit quality.

Home loans, rent, car payments, credit cards, installment loans, car insurance, cell phones, health and life
insurance, and even monthly utilities are all based on the quality of your credit. Today, more and more new
employers are relying on credit reports to help make hiring decisions.

With your credit issues corrected you will not only get approved for your new dream home, your total
monthly payments will be substantially less as well.

Most importantly, good credit gives you both peace of mind and the good life that goes with it.

You won’t have to worry every time you apply for new credit. You will be able to apply for that card at the
checkout and save 20% on your purchase right then and there.

You can have both the car and home of your dreams, while paying less than you are now in monthly
payments.

The wisest among us know the secret to life is not only money; but also good credit. This kit will help you
get the excellent credit you deserve, and the dream life that accompanies it.


The Credit System
Considering how important your credit is, you certainly would hope that someone is ensuring your credit
report reflects legitimate and accurate information.

But the sad truth is NOBODY is watching this for you at all. You are the ONLY person involved with your
credit who benefits from your credit profile being positive and accurate.
                                                                                                                 7