                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month




The Credit Bureaus
The “Big 3” Credit bureaus are Trans Union, Equifax, and Experian. These are private for
profit companies who make money by selling consumer information.

Your credit profile is made up of data collected by your existing and past creditors which they report to the
credit bureaus on a regular basis. The bureaus make a profit by selling this information in reports, leads,
and other methods to creditors who use it to either issue additional credit or solicit you for new credit.

For example, when a creditor such as CHASE wants to offer new credit, they purchase a data list from the
credit bureaus. This list might consist of consumers with credit scores from 550-620

The bureaus then profit by selling that list to CHASE, and CHASE will use the list to send mailers soliciting you
to apply for their credit card.

In the data selling world, sub-prime credit is always more valuable. Simply put, a creditor will pay more for a
list of consumers who are 30 days late on their mortgage than a consumer with a perfect pay history. Why?
It’s all about supply and demand –people with poor credit are willing to pay more for additional credit.

               Very few companies want the perfect pay history consumers, so this data has a low value.
               But there are a significant number of sub-prime companies who will pay top dollar for data
               on poorer credit risk individuals.

               Sub-prime credit card companies, auto and home loan, credit repair, loan modification, short
               sale companies, and even debt consolidation are just a few of the kinds of companies who
               pay big money for these types of leads.

Companies also pay more for “triggers” or “selects” for consumer leads. This means they pay more for
bankruptcy leads, high credit card balances, late payments on credit cards, accounts in COLLECTIONS status,
30-90 day late payments, foreclosures, and even late payments on mortgages.

CHASE won’t pay much for a list of good credit customers. In comparison, a bankruptcy company will pay a
lot more for a list of consumers who filed bankruptcy within the last 30 days.

That list is much more specific and would cost about TWICE as much from the bureaus. So, the credit
bureaus actually make MORE money the worse your credit is.
This is NOT an opinion, but a clear FACT. As you should now be able to see, it is simply NOT in the credit
bureaus’ best interest to help ensure your credit report is accurate.

Actually, they make more money if your credit is bad. The only reason they allow you to dispute accounts
on your report is that they are obligated by law to do so.