                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                     Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Your Creditors
You know that creditors charge interest based on risk. The higher your risk, the more you pay in interest. In
most cases, your interest rate is tied directly to your credit scores; the lower your scores, the higher your
interest rate will be.

Credit card companies don’t make anything on 0% cards. But the minute you go late on your payment, your
interest rate skyrockets. This is where they make their money -- from 13% and higher interest rate charges.

A published study shows that some companies make 3 times more money on their sub-prime clients than
they do on their prime clients.

The worse your credit is, the more your creditors charge, and the more profits they make from you.

This is why your creditors monitor your credit report frequently. Any decrease in your score or adverse
information on your report can be used to raise your interest rates, even if you didn’t go late on that
creditor’s account.

So, BOTH your creditors and the credit bureaus make more money the worse your credit is. Your bad credit
actually benefits them, so don’t expect them to spend any time ensuring that your credit profile is accurate.

YOU are the ONLY person dealing with your credit who benefits by having an accurate and positive credit.
Take it upon yourself to repair and manage your own credit as your creditors will NEVER do this for you.

The Truth, FINALLY Revealed
In one published study, 93% of credit reports contained inaccuracies. In most of those cases the
inaccuracies were enough to adversely affect loan qualification.

In every published study on this topic over 62% of reports contained inaccuracies. Most reports ARE
inaccurate. And in many cases, these inaccuracies are NOT a fluke. Many creditors intentionally change
minor details on the reporting of a credit item to reflect negatively against the consumer.

Some of these common actions include changing the date-of-last activity on a credit report; making the
derogatory account report appear as more recent, and drastically lowering the credit score as a result.

Another common action is to report the same debt on the credit report with different account numbers,
making it look like there are multiple negative accounts, not just one.

This also happens with collections. The account is reported by the original creditor with a balance unpaid;
and then multiple collection companies also report the same account against the consumer.

These are only a few of the common tactics creditors use to further damage your credit reports. All of these
methods result in substantial damage to your credit profile, and NONE of these actions will be corrected
unless you challenge the credit bureaus and creditors.
                                                                                                              9