                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

The system is SUPPOSED to be fair. If you go late on an account, that account reports against you for 7 years
and then is deleted.

However, in most cases the creditor extends the date-of-last activity; keeping the negative item on your
report for 10 years or more.

Then the account is sold to multiple collection companies, and they report the item adversely against you.

That single account could easily be reported against you 4 different times; causing 4 times more damage.
AND, every time that collection shows up, it is reported as a NEW collection, making the damage to your
credit report even greater.

The TRUTH is that most creditors do this intentionally, secure in the belief that consumers will not challenge
what’s in their reports. Think about that. The credit bureaus have nothing to gain by stopping this, so they
let it continue. In fact, they have a lot to lose if more consumers actively sought to repair their credit.

Creditors and the credit reporting bureaus spend millions on campaigns trying to convince you that credit
repair doesn’t work. They want you to believe there is nothing you can do to stop this; so most of us don’t
even bother to try. After all, you can’t beat the “big boys”, can you?

               You are the only person in the credit equation who has an interest in ensuring your credit is
               good, and your report is accurate. If you don’t take steps to have good credit, your creditors
               and the bureaus definitely will not do this for you. They have absolutely no reason to do so.

                                    Bad Credit Unsecured Credit Card

Credit Repair Effectiveness
“Credit repair doesn’t work.” Today, this statement has taken on the quality of an urban legend.

As we mentioned earlier, creditors spend millions-of-dollars each year trying to convince consumers just like
you and me that there is nothing we can do to repair our credit.

As a result, most people have heard that credit repair doesn’t work at all, and they believe it. This is exactly
what the creditors and the bureaus want you to believe. They want you paralyzed, so you won’t even try to
dispute your account inaccuracies.

But the truth is radically different than the myth and the legend. The truth is credit repair is the most
effective way you can actually improve your credit.

The Credit Repair Secret
Credit repair is extremely effective. But results will vary GREATLY depending on your own knowledge and
the methodology you use to dispute items on your report.