                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                       Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Simply mailing off angry letters to the credit bureaus without fully understanding how their OCR and E-Oscar
computers work will not yield positive results.

               Going online to dispute the credit bureaus without knowing what you’re doing will be no
               more effective than sending letters.

               One of the main reasons credit repair is not as effective as it should be is that it is rarely
               executed properly.

               In this Credit Repair Guide you will learn the “dos and the don’ts” of the process. In addition,
               you will have access to the knowledge you need to do the job right, and access to the most
               advanced dispute tactics in existence.

If you follow the system we lay out for you, you will start to see positive results in as little as 42 days.

What Makes Credit Repair Effective
In the past credit repair methods were largely restricted to bombarding the credit bureaus with letters. The
hope was to mail lots of disputes to the bureaus, confusing both the person entering the disputes and the
person at the creditor receiving the disputes. The belief was that if the creditor didn’t respond in time, the
item would be removed.

These types of methods are rarely effective anymore. Even if items get
deleted, they are usually put back on the credit report shortly after.

How can this happen? Even though creditors have 30 days to respond to the dispute before it is deleted, a
response 60 days after the fact still gives them the legal right to put the item back on the report.

To effectively and permanently delete negative credit items, you have to ensure the item did not get
deleted because the creditor or credit bureaus made a mistake, or couldn’t verify the item.

Once you know how to do that, the item will be deleted and stays permanently off your report.

Over the years the credit bureaus have gotten much smarter. Most of the dispute process is now
automated through two computer systems the credit bureaus use. The key to success in disputing items on
your report is understanding how these computers work.

OCR
OCR (Optical Character Recognition) is the credit bureaus first line of defense against your disputes. It’s a
massive program that “reads” every dispute letter you send into the credit bureaus.




                                                                                                                11