                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                 Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

The computer basically “scan” reads your dispute letter to uncover several things. First it attempts to see if
the dispute is legitimate or what they call frivolous.

The system automatically categorizes the disputes, and flags some of them as a stalling tactic if they feel you
are actually trying to improve your credit score instead of just disputing one account about which you might
have a question.

OCR also stores these disputes in a detailed database and auto categorizes them with a dispute reason code.
These codes can prevent you from submitting the dispute again. In that case, the system will detect the
code and the dispute will not be investigated, and instead be flagged as “frivolous”.

In theory, OCR was designed to reduce credit bureau human error. In practice it ensures your disputes are
stalled or voided at any chance it gets.

It will even read your letters including the font, paper, color of font, spelling, and other variables to try to
                         see if you have used that letter before, OR if you are using a template letter to
                         dispute.

                         If OCR thinks you are using a template letter which has been used before or sees
                         another dispute for the same account with a similar reason, it marks it as frivolous
                         and won’t investigate the dispute. Even if it accepts your dispute letter it auto
                         categorizes it and processes the dispute with no human intervention of any kind.

                       This is EXACTLY why you NEVER want to dispute online. To be truly successful at
disputing you want to create confusion with both your creditors and the bureaus.

When you dispute online, you remove the possibility of humans ever getting involved in the process. Online
disputes make it much easier for OCR to validate the dispute and keep the item on your credit report.

Disputing online is basically spoon feeding OCR “prime beef”. The credit bureaus love it, which is why they
make it so convenient for you. But you won’t get the best results by disputing online.

OCR is also the reason you don’t want to just send in letters to the credit bureau without knowing what you
are doing.

 If you dispute for a similar reason twice, the item is then listed as frivolous, making it very hard to dispute
again. The same applies if you are using a common dispute letter or a credit repair company who doesn’t
custom tailor their disputes.

If OCR picks these things up, your dispute results will suffer, making it much harder to ever get those items
deleted.