                             Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                     Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Success with OCR
              When you use dispute letters from our company some of them look like they were done by
              kindergartners. Yes, we do even use crayons and markers to write out some letters!

              We ALWAYS misspell words and enter some sentences that make no sense. We even dispute
              in Spanish and French when we can.

                The trick is to use any method you can use to confuse OCR and get your disputes
out of that system and into the hands of an actual person. There are many ways you can accomplish this.

One of the first successful methods you can use is to write your disputes on heavy stock paper. Sounds a bit
gimmicky, but OCR can’t be fed thick “card stock”. With this kind of paper you almost automatically get
your disputes in front of a human being.

ALWAYS change your fonts on your letters if typing them out, and change the color of your fonts. Make sure
you misspell words so the disputes don’t look like they are coming from a professional credit repair
company. Don’t be afraid to use bad grammar either, as sentences that don’t make sense can confuse OCR.

Hand writing your dispute letters is another great idea. This is one of the most proven methods to get your
letters to bypass OCR. There are some other things you can do with your hand written letter to further
better your odds of getting past OCR.

Use markers and crayons to write your disputes. You can also use pen and pencil, but make sure you
misspell words and add sentences that don’t make sense.

Don’t get carried away with this return to your childhood and create letters a human
can’t read. Always remember your main goal when disputing to the credit bureaus is
to bypass OCR and get your letters in front of an old-fashioned, real-live human being.
That’s what you need to keep in mind to get maximum success.

e-OSCAR
e-OSCAR (Online Solution for Complete and Accurate Reporting) is the web based automated dispute system
used by all three credit bureaus. This is the computer where the credit bureaus input disputes. From here
the disputes are delivered to the creditor or Data Furnisher whose item you are disputing.

Again, the best success in disputing comes from human confusion and error. E-OSCAR is one more way the
credit bureaus automate the process to try to eliminate the possibility of human error. But these are the
very errors you as a disputer want to prey on to get some of your negative and inaccurate items deleted.

E-OSCAR reads your dispute and assigns a 2-3 digit reason code. The code reflects the reason for the
dispute; such as the account is not yours, you were never late, etc.

                                                                                                          13