                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month


                         This is the ONLY content that is pulled out of your dispute letters, and the only
                         content your creditors and the bureaus care about. They look at what account you
                         are disputing, and the reason for the dispute.

It doesn’t matter to them if your letter comes from an attorney, or if your story reads like a Greek tragedy.
All they care about is the reason code. Regardless of whether your dispute letter ends up with OCR or a
human at the credit bureaus, the only thing they enter to be passed on is the REASON for your dispute, in a
code format.

The creditor responsible for the item under dispute never sees the letter. The only information the creditor
gets is the account that is being disputed, the name of the consumer who is disputing it, and the 2-3
character reason code for why the account is being disputed.

The creditor then validates the account as accurate, or acknowledges that the disputed item is incorrect and
deletes it. If the creditor fails to respond within 30 days, the credit bureaus delete the item.

Again, all the creditor has to do is verify the account on their end, and in one click they can validate the item
if they find it to be accurate.

With the use of e-OSCAR, any documentation you have to support your case never even makes it to the
creditor. There have even been court cases against the credit bureaus in this matter due to their method’s
complete lack of any real investigation into the validity of a dispute.

In two of those cases --Cushman Versus Trans Union and Stevenson Versus Trans Union ---the credit bureaus
lost since they were found to do nothing more than copy the creditor’s information instead of actually
investigating.

E-Oscar automation is a beautiful thing for the credit industry as it eliminates most of the actual
investigation completely; as well as getting rid of most human errors on the part of both the credit bureau
and creditor.

Success with e-OSCAR
Don’t be disheartened. Since e-OSCAR, is only a computer, like any computer, it can be beaten. You just
need to understand how it works and know what to do to beat the system.

All disputes come from e-OSCAR as an Automated Universal Data Form.

The next page has a copy of this form so you can see the basic questions that
are asked. At the top right you can also see the section for the 2-3 character
dispute code.