                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Now you can use the credit bureaus’ multiple addresses against them to get your negative items deleted.
First, prepare your dispute letters, and make 5 copies.

Next, sign all your letters, and mail them to 5 of the credit bureaus addresses. Make sure you mail them
within 2 days of each other. Then wait for the response and see the results.

We provide you with a complete list of credit bureau addresses in the Credit Bureau Address section in this
guide.

What happens at the bureaus? Multiple people at multiple bureau locations receive the disputes at about
the same time. They then input the dispute character code into e-OSCAR and the dispute is delivered to the
creditors.

               The creditor then sees multiple red flags showing an item has been disputed – 5 disputes for
               the same account. In most cases they will delete 4 of the 5, and respond to only 1. In reality,
               what they are doing is failing to respond to 4 disputes, which will result in the item being
               deleted 30 days later.

The creditor thinks they validated the item to which they responded, but in reality the item is deleted. The
deletion will be permanent since the creditor mistakenly believes it’s been validated.

These tactics are effective in overwhelming and confusing both the bureaus and the creditors. Taken
together with the methods we outlined in the OCR section, they will help you efficiently dispute and delete
many of your derogatory account items.

                                       GET YOUR CREDIT REPORTS

                                       www.getmycreditscore.net

How to Get a Free Copy of Your Credit Report
There is only one true way to get a free copy of your credit report with no strings attached –request your
report online at www.annualcreditreport.com.

You can also download the request form at www.ftc.gov/credit and mail it to Credit Report Request Service,
P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.

You can also call toll-free to receive your credit report at 1-877-322-8228.

You should be able to download your credit report immediately on the Annual Credit
Credit Report website. It will take up to 15 days to receive your report if ordering by
mail or phone.