                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

We strongly recommend that you sign up with a credit monitoring service. This way you can still receive
your free credit report immediately, but you can also receive new reports every 30 days to track your credit
results. Remember, you’re only entitled to a free report once a year; and once a year is far from enough.

There are many credit monitoring services out there. Some of the most popular sites are
www.smartcredit.com, www.FreeScore360.com, and www.FreeCreditClick.com. Their pricing is about the
same -- $24-$34.99 monthly.

                      We recommend My Score IQ at www.MyScoreIQ.com. At only $34.99 a month, they
                      are the cheapest we have found that offers FICO scores and for that price you receive
                      reports from all three credit bureaus with credit scores.

                            Click Here To Get Your FICO Scores
They are fairly easy to sign up with and have nice additional features. Most importantly, at the time of this
writing My Score IQ uses the consumer FICO 08 scoring model.

FICO 08 is the most commonly used consumer model, and the one you will want to use to monitor your
credit scores.

The credit bureaus created the Advantage Score and they sell it as well. The problem with this scoring
system is nobody in the “real world” uses that model. Car dealers, mortgage companies, and just about
everyone else use a “Fair Isaac” or FICO model of some sort.

You probably don’t want to monitor your credit progress with a scoring model nobody else uses. So stick
with MyScoreIQ and you should be very happy with the reports you receive, as well as with the low cost.

You will receive your first 30 days free, and you will get a new credit report every 30
days after. These reports are essential in both starting the process of credit repair and
tracking your progress.

You will also be able to easily compare your reports month-to-month to see what was
on the older report, and what has been deleted or updated on the newer reports.

Then you can begin planning your next round of disputes so you can see more
improvement in the next 30 days.

You must have an initial credit report before you can get started. The credit bureaus used
to send back the updated reports with the dispute results, but recently they have been using a new tactic.
Now they don’t even bother to send back those reports.

If you don’t have a monitoring service, and they don’t send back the reports, you have a very tough
challenge ahead. You would have to re-dispute an account from the initial report, and then wait another 45

                                                                                                             17