                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

                      days to see if they send back results then. You would lose a lot of time; as much as
                      several months worth when you add it all up.

                      If you’re serious about repairing your credit, you need to do everything you can do to
                      sign up for a monitoring service. Even if you need to use a friend or family member’s
                      credit card and pay them back; this is a step you really should consider taking.

With a good credit monitoring service you will get to enjoy watching your improvement, so make this the
first step in your credit repair process.


How to Read a Credit Report
You will want to become very familiar with your credit report during the repair process. The more you know
the better equipped you are to accurately dispute and delete your negative credit items.

After you sign up for a credit monitoring service, sit down with your credit report and go through it section
by section, highlighting all the negative items you want to address in your disputes.

Personal Profile
Every credit report has a personal profile section which covers your current and past addresses and
employers; your date of birth; and AKA information.

You will first want to start by looking at the spelling of your name and your other aliases, if you have any.
You will probably want to dispute any aliases you don’t want on your credit report.

In many cases these aliases are the result of people pulling your credit report and misspelling your name.
You might apply for a car loan, and when they initially pull your credit there might be a letter off when they
enter your name. The credit bureaus link the pull to you based on the social security number, not your
name, and an AKA or alias then appears on your credit report.
You probably won’t want that on your report for the rest of your life. So dispute any of those aliases that
you want off your report.

You will also want to look at your address information. If there are previous addresses you don’t want listed
on your report, addresses you are not familiar with, misspelled addresses; or even relative’s addresses; you
will probably want to dispute those items to have them removed

Follow the same process with your employment information. Dispute any inaccurate and unwanted
information that appears on your report.

Ensure that your name is spelled correctly; your date of birth is correct; and that your social security number
is listed accurately.