                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Take your time and really review this section of your report. This will help reduce identity theft and ensure
your credit doesn’t get mixed up with others, which is a fairly common occurrence.

Dispute letters for Personal Profile information are provided in the Dispute section of the Elite Credit
Repair Kit Guide.

Inquiries
An inquiry is left on your credit report when you apply for new credit. The creditor requests a credit report
from the credit bureaus, and an inquiry from that creditor then shows on your report.

There are a few concerns you should have about inquiries. They do reveal your spending patterns. In
addition there are lenders who look at this while making lending decisions.
If you show a lot of inquires for credit cards in a short period, a lender offering a car
loan might see you as a higher risk. Or the car dealership might even look at your
inquiries to see where else you have been shopping, or to see if you have been
previously denied.

Employers even look at your inquiries to see what patterns might stick out. In a tough
employment market, you don’t want your future employer reviewing your spending habits before hiring
you.

10% of your total credit score is based on how much new credit you apply for. This aspect of your credit
score is based on your inquiries on your report.

If you have a lot of inquires in a short period of time, your credit scores will decrease.

So if you go out next week and apply for a Capital One credit card, your credit scores might decrease 1 point
on an 850 point scale. But if you apply for 7 credit cards next week, your scores might drop 20 points due to
applying for too much.

Inquiries can lower your credit scores. This is just one more reason you might want to dispute your inquiries
and have them deleted. Creditors rarely respond to inquiry disputes, so this section of your credit report is
easier to clean up.

                Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Summary Section
               Each credit report has an account summary section that outlines your entire report. This
               section shows lots of details including how many accounts you have open, closed, revolving,
               installment, real estate, debt outstanding, debt in collections, and more.


                                                                                                            19