                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

                               Take a look at each section. Do the balances owed on accounts look
                               correct? Look at both closed and current accounts. Do those numbers look
                               accurate?

                               In this section you will also want to compare your information across the
                               different credit bureaus’. Here you will typically see many differences.
                               Investigate those differences as you review your report.

                             Don’t be surprised to see big differences in what the credit bureaus report.
                             The total amount of open and closed accounts, debt you owe, even balances
               and payments on individual accounts are always reported inaccurately.

Pay close attention to the Derogatory section of the summary. Look at inquiries, public records, collection
accounts, and both current and prior delinquencies.

This is the section you want to see with all 0’s when completed with your disputes. This is also a good
section to monitor your overall credit progress.

Account History
Many reports break down your account history into account types. One section might be dedicated to real
estate accounts, then revolving accounts, installment loans, public records and any other categories for
other account types.

Look through each section at the details on each account. You will find the creditor’s name, account
number, date opened, monthly payment, high balance, past due amount, and balance owed for each
account.

Each account also shows an Account Status. This might show as a Number from 1-9. It also might report as
a status, like open, closed, unpaid, or in collection.

You will definitely want to address any derogatory items in your disputes.

The account type reflects what kind of credit account it is. Some common tags are Installment, Mortgage, or
Revolving.

Many times creditors manipulate this data also. Some account types have a greater impact on your credit
score, so make sure yours are listed accurately.

You can also review your Payment Status for more details on the account. This will show if it is being
reported as a collection; 30 days late; or even paid as agreed. Address all accounts that report a negative
status.