                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

The 24 month payment history reflects your payments for the most recent 2 year period. Many monitoring
services color code this section, making it easy to spot your derogatory credit items.

Look for 30, 60, 90, and 120 late payments. You will also want to look for collections, or accounts reported
as CO.

You will want to dispute all of those reported derogatory items using the methods outlined in the Dispute
section of your Elite Credit Repair Kit Manual.

Public Records
This section gives you details about all bankruptcies, judgments, tax liens, and all other types of public
records. This is one of the most harmful sections of your report, and one that will demand your immediate
attention.

Review this section thoroughly. You will find the record type, court docket or account numbers, date filed or
originally reported, and other important data that will help in the dispute process.

Rarely will you find that bankruptcies report accurately. But both the bankruptcy and the accounts in the
bankruptcy will remain on your credit for 10 years instead of the 7 years in normal
accounts.

Judgments can remain on your credit for 10 years or more, and tax Liens can stay on
your credit indefinitely. So you will want to pay very special attention to your public
records section.

We included some very special disputes for you to use on these more difficult account types.

All the other details
Each credit monitoring service has its own special sections of information they give you on your credit
reports.

MyScoreIQ outlines many specifics on your report. Some of these are details on factors affecting your credit
scores, detailed overviews of credit patterns, and details on more discrepancy items on your reports.

Take the time to review these sections. There is an abundance of information that you are paying for with
the service. So, enjoy the bonuses.


The Credit Bureau Addresses
Credit bureaus have many addresses; all the better to confuse consumers. Sometimes you might send your
disputes to what you thing is a valid address, only to see the dispute returned.

                                                                                                            21