                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Supervisor Legal Dept, Equifax
P.O. Box 740193
Atlanta, GA 30374




How to Dispute to the Credit Bureaus
The game begins with you sending your dispute letters directly to all three credit bureaus. There is a
separate folder in your Elite Credit Repair Kit full of sample dispute letters.

These letters will give you what you need to dispute just about any account type. We designed the letters to
offer a dispute “reason” which correlates with the credit bureau reason codes.

2-3 Character Credit Bureau Dispute Reason Codes
We discussed these reason codes in the e-OSCAR section of this manual. Each dispute must be for a
different reason, or the credit bureaus will mark the dispute as frivolous and not investigate it.

FACTA does allow the credit bureaus to ignore frivolous disputes, so you want to
use the letters we outline and don’t dispute the same account for the same
reason.

For example, you can dispute Capital One because it is not your account.
But then your next dispute should be for something different, like that you
never paid it late. And your next dispute should be for yet another reason
like the account number is incorrect.

If you dispute it because it is not yours and then use a similar letter disputing again for the same reason,
your dispute will be labeled as frivolous with the bureaus and they will not process the dispute.

 Once your dispute on that account is listed as frivolous, you have not only wasted a lot of time; you’ve also
reduced your chances of being able to successfully dispute and delete in the future.

This is one of the many reasons you don’t want to just blindly send letters into the credit bureaus. If you do
this, in many cases you actually ruin your chances of getting the item deleted the right way.

Our research has shown approximately 27 reason codes for the credit bureaus. These are 2-3 character
codes for each different “reason” you are disputing the account.

The letters we provide you include separate reasons for the dispute. This way, each dispute is for a different
reason, and is assigned a different reason code by e-OSCAR. This ensures your disputes won’t be labeled as
frivolous.