                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Dispute them all, or just a few?
Many consumers wonder if they should dispute only a few of their negative items or all of them. We have
found in extensive research that nothing is lost if you dispute all the accounts.

Remember, OCR usually inputs the disputes into the e-OSCAR computer. If you are using the tactics we
advise with OCR, your disputes might confuse OCR enough to send your dispute to humans at the credit
bureaus allowing the possibility for more errors.

Either OCR or a human will pull your dispute out if you dispute too many accounts. In both cases, their goal
is just to get the disputes in the system fast so they can quickly get forwarded to the creditor.

So even though OCR or a human bureau investigator will see your dispute letters,
your letters won’t be stopped if you are disputing multiple accounts at once.

Once entered into e-OSCAR, those disputes get sent to the creditors one at a time;
so your creditors won’t know that you are disputing all your accounts at once.

For this reason, you should consider disputing 5 or more accounts with each round of disputes. You can
even include those disputed accounts on the same dispute letter you mail to the credit bureaus.

Disputing more accounts with each round will lead to much faster results.

Since you don’t lose any effectiveness with multiple account disputes, consider doing this with each round
you dispute, always trying to dispute 5 or more accounts with each round.

You can put all these on the same dispute letter, so don’t waste your time completing separate letters for
each disputed item.

You can only have 1 active dispute investigated at a time. This would cause an issue if you mailed out
multiple letters for each individual account.

Dispute multiple accounts on the same letter and you will still see very nice results.



What Should be Included with Your Dispute Letters
Our dispute template library gives you the letters you need to get your disputes in the mail. There are
several things you want to ensure are included in every dispute letter you send.

               First, make sure every dispute letter contains the accurate spelling of your first and last name
               as well as your social security number and current home address.

               The credit bureaus will NOT process a dispute unless they KNOW it is you submitting the
               dispute. Your social security number is the main way the bureaus link your disputes to your
                                                                                                             25