                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

               credit report. This means you must clearly identify yourself in your letter, with your social
               security number provided.

The credit bureaus will also require supporting documentation verifying your identity. They want to see
your Driver’s License and Social Security Card. They will NOT investigate your disputes without this
supporting documentation, so include it with each round of disputes.

If you don’t have a driver’s license, include another legal form of ID. This can include a passport or state ID.
If you don’t have a Social Security card, provide another form of ID with your social security on it.

In many cases you can use a pay-stub or W2 form which have both your name and social security number on
them.

Just make sure you do supply a picture ID and a document verifying your social
security number. Without them your disputes will not be investigated.

You should also include the account name and account number on the dispute
letter.
List the creditor’s name, and the account number they are reporting to the credit bureau.


Sometimes creditors report separate account numbers to each of the three bureaus. Make sure your
dispute letter has the correct account number for the bureau to which you’re submitting the dispute.



Finding the Best Dispute Letter in your Library
The Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute Letter Library gives you access to over 100 dispute letters. Many of these
letters are for general disputing, and others are designed for very specific issues.

Don’t get overwhelmed by the large number of letters available for you to choose. We separate your letters
based on advanced tactics and credit bureau disputes.

Look at your credit bureau dispute letters. The main difference with many of the letters is the reason in the
letter for the dispute.

Remember, you must dispute each time for a different reason to avoid the dispute being labeled as
frivolous.

               Find the best letter for the reason of your dispute. Is the account yours? Did you pay it late?
               Does the account belong to someone else? There are many reasons on the letters; just pick
               which one you feel works best for your situation.