                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Don’t worry if the reason on the letter doesn’t perfectly match your situation. The purpose of the dispute
letter is simply to get an investigation started.

If you dispute the account, and the creditor verifies that the account is accurately reporting, you will need to
dispute again for another reason anyway.

This is why you don’t want to spend a lot of time finding the perfect reason to dispute. You will probably
need to dispute some accounts for multiple reasons during your repair process.

If you know Capital One is your account, don’t worry about mailing a letter disputing that it isn’t your
account. By mailing a dispute for that reason you are simply making the creditor verify the information as
they are required to do by law.

If the creditor doesn’t have a record of the account anymore, they won’t respond or will tell the credit
bureaus that it should be deleted. The item would be deleted in this case no matter what reason you chose
for the dispute.

Remember, we created these different letters with different reasons to allow you to continue disputing an
item without your dispute being labeled as frivolous. So don’t get too caught up in the reason on the letters
for your disputes.

You will see good results no matter which reason letter you chose.

If you do CLEARLY know the account is not valid for a particular reason, dispute for that reason and include
any supporting documentation you have.

As you know, this supporting documentation will not be supplied to the creditor with your dispute, but it
does help show the credit bureaus that you can prove your case.

Don’t be surprised if you dispute an account you KNOW is inaccurate and later see that the creditor ends up
verifying the account item. Keep in mind, the creditor doesn’t see the evidence you send in with your
disputes.

You might need to follow our dispute process and send out a few dispute letters; even direct creditor letters
to see the item get deleted.

The trick is to keep disputing for different reasons until you find a reason they can’t verify.

If they are verifying the account with these disputes, advanced debt validation techniques should then help
get those items deleted. You will learn more about these advanced methods later in this guide.




                                                                                                              27