                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

                           Complete and Mail Your Dispute Letter
                           Now you have all the fundamentals in the dispute process. It is time to gather
                           your disputes and get them in the mail.

                           First, sit down with your credit report to review your negative items. You can
then log those items in the log we have included in the Kit or in the Dispute Suite software we recommend.

                      Next you will want to choose the best dispute letter from your Elite Credit Repair Kit
                      Dispute Letter Library. Pick a reason close to the reason you want to dispute, or just
                      start with the reason that the accounts are not yours.

                      Complete the dispute letter with your account and personal details. Make sure you
                      include your name, address, and your social security number on the dispute letter.
                      Also make sure you sign the letter.

Ensure you complete the creditors’ names and account numbers you’re disputing, matching the correct
account number listed on your report with the bureau to which you are submitting the dispute. Remember,
account numbers might vary between different credit bureaus.

Include your IDs with your letter. They will want to see your Driver’s License and Social Security Card. If you
don’t have those, supply another state or Federal picture ID and additional verification of your social
security number.

Mail your disputes to each credit bureau. The credit bureau addresses are listed in the Credit Bureau
Address section of this guide. The first address listed is the primary address for each credit bureau.

There are also many more addresses listed for each bureau. You can later use some advanced dispute
tactics with those addresses. This includes the advanced tactic to confuse e-OSCAR which is referenced in
the e-Credit Repair Effectiveness section of this guide.

Log the date you mail out your disputes. You can track this with the Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute Log
included in your kit.

You can also track this easily in your Dispute Suite software. You have a FREE trial
certificate for this software in your kit.



Waiting for and Checking Your Results
Expect to see some results within 30-45 days. Sometimes it will take 40-45 days and sometimes you will
receive results faster; but as a general rule of thumb, expect
to see them after 40 days. Early arrival will then be a pleasant surprise!