                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

The Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act gives the creditor 30 days to respond to the dispute. This
means they have 30 days from the date the dispute is entered by the credit bureaus into e-OSCAR. Now you
know why the bureaus are in such a hurry!

You should allow time for the disputes to get mailed to the credit bureau and allow for some time for the
bureaus to initiate the dispute process.

This should explain why 40-45 days is a reasonable time-frame to wait for your results.

FACTA requires the credit bureaus to respond to you by mail with your results ONLY if you request they do
so in writing.

Ensure that you leave a sentence on the credit bureau dispute letter requesting that they reply to your
dispute by mail. They then are required by law to mail you back your reports.

The credit bureaus will then send you copies of your credit reports by mail. These reports will come in larger
than normal envelopes with only P.O. Boxes in the return address section, so be on the lookout for them.

Typically, your results will appear on the first page of most reports you receive.

Trans Union
Trans Union reports are very easy to read. Their results are on the first page and appear as a list. The list
shows you the account name, account number, and the result of the dispute.

What you hope to see is “DELETED.” Sometimes you will see VERIFIED, or NO CHANGE; and other times you
will see NEW INFORMATION BELOW.

When the report shows that new information is on the report, it is
usually a minor correction to the reported data. The negative item
probably still remains, but has been modified.

Sometimes this change is the date of last activity, or the balance owed, or whatever other factor for which
you submitted the dispute.

Trans Union will then give you the account details so you can see what information has been updated and
changed. And they will give you access to your online credit report with them.

This “backdoor” into Trans Union is very valuable. This is where you can actually see exactly what Trans
Union is reporting for you. Occasionally, the credit monitoring service reports don’t get this data 100%
accurate.

But with Trans Union themselves, your credit report IS 100% accurate. Check your reports, and enter results
per the instructions in the next Track Results section of this guide.

                                                                                                                29