                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Experian
With Experian reports your results can be on page 1 or 2. They also provide you a summary list of your
results.

This list shows the account name, account number, and status. The status is either Deleted; Remains;
Updated; or Reviewed.

                       You are shooting for a Deleted result. Remains is the worst result as this indicates the
                       item will stay on the report with no change at all.

If the account is Updated, a change was made to the item but it remains on your report.

If you disputed that the item belongs to you, this status will indicate that they verified it does belong to you.
If you disputed the account for another reason, review the report for what was changed.

Reviewed simply means you need to check the report yourself for results. It can indicate either a deletion
or an update. You won’t see too many of these types of results.

Experian will provide you other account details in the report they send, including the creditor name,
address, and phone number.

You will also see the account number, and date originally filed. Many other account details, and notes on
the account are all available on this report.

Equifax
Equifax reports don’t really have a good summary section. You will have to
review the account details on your report to see what has changed.

They do typically show you the updated and deleted accounts first; on the first
2 pages of the report. These are under “The Results of Our Investigation”, and “Collection Agency”.

These sections will tell you the results of the disputes. They will list the creditor’s name and account
number. They will then tell you in a sentence what the results were.

The statuses are much the same as for the other credit bureaus. You are striving for a DELETE. They will
also UPDATE or VERIFY the account.

If updated, Equifax will tell you in the summary description what exactly was updated. Go through your
report item-by-item during your review, and highlight all the negative accounts which still remain.

The credit bureau reports give you a lot of additional details you won’t find on a credit monitoring report.
Review these details thoroughly, as each one is a potential reason for another dispute.