                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

The “Last Reported” with Experian; “Date Paid” with Trans Union; and “Date of 1st Delinquency” with
Equifax; are VERY important indicators.

All of these indicators reflect the date the account was last used, or the last time you made a payment. This
date is one of the most important dates on your credit report.

It is the date which determines how long the account will stay on your credit report. Most derogatory
accounts remain on your credit report for 7 years.

The 7 years starts with the date you last made a payment on that account. This is the same date we are
discussing here. This date is very important as it reflects how long the negative account is due to remain on
your report.

Bankruptcies, judgments, and all items in a bankruptcy can remain on your report for 10 years.

This date is also a good reason you DON’T want to pay off collections unless the creditor agrees to delete
the negative item from your report.

If they agree to remove the item, this is called “Pay-to-Delete.” We’ll talk more about this later in this
manual.

               However, in most cases the creditor or collection company will NOT agree to delete the item
               from your report. Instead they will tell you that they will UPDATE or CORRECT your credit
               report.

               This only means if you pay the debt, they will update the reporting to show you now have a
               $0 balance or that the account was settled.

These changes to your report will NOT help your credit at all.

Collection companies want you to believe that by paying the debt you are helping your credit. But unless
they delete the item from the report, you are actually hurting your credit.

This is due to the “date of last activity”. That date reflects the date you last made a payment on the
account. So if you stopped paying CHASE November 2000, the date of last activity on your credit report will
reflect as 11/2000.

This means that account should drop off 11/2007. That is 7 years past the date you last made a payment on
the account, or date of last activity.

In the same example, let’s say you settled the account with collections on
11/2005. You thought you were doing a good thing. You settled it for
pennies on the dollar, and the creditor agreed to update your report.

In reality they update a $0 balance, and then update the date-of-last-activity
                                                                                                             31