                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                 Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

to the date you paid off the account. The day you paid collections now becomes the last day you made a
payment on the account.

Since you paid it off 11/2005 and that is the new date-of-last-activity, that account will now stay on your
report until 11/2012, which is 7 years past the date you last made a payment.

If left alone, the account would have naturally dropped off 11/2007, 7 years past your original default date.
Now it will remain until 11/2012 because when you paid off the collection you established a new date-of-
last-activity.

Sure, the balance is reported as $0. But this won’t help your credit scores at all.

Your credit score is literally a mathematical model which reflects your risk of going 90 days late on an
account within the next 2 years.

If you let an account go into collections, you are obviously a much higher risk to go 90 days late in the
future. But if you pay off that account after it is in collections, you really are at no lower a risk of going late
again.

               To try to elaborate, your risk is that you let the account go bad to begin with. Your risk
               doesn’t decrease if you pay it off after it goes into collections. Truly, you are still at the same
               risk of defaulting in the future, even if you did pay it off after the fact.

               This is exactly why Fair Isaac doesn’t give you credit in your scores for paying off collections.
               You are not a lower risk if you let the account go bad, no matter what you do with the
               account after that point.



Do it Again
After you have reviewed your results, log the results in your Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute Log. Make sure
you thoroughly review your reports so you know all the negative items that still remain on your reports.

You will probably see a lot of negatives removed with your early disputes. This is because you are narrowing
down the creditors who actually have enough information on you to even report the item.

Many creditors keep bad records, or delete your records when the account is sold to collections. This means
1 simple dispute for any reason will remove many of these accounts.

You will also have a lot of creditors who verified or updated the account information. These are the
creditors to whom you will need to continue disputing to get the items removed.