                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Once you have your log completed with the negative creditors who still remain, complete the steps
mentioned above for mailing out another round of credit bureau disputes.

REMEMBER, dispute for another reason using another letter template. Do NOT dispute for the same reason
or your dispute will be listed as frivolous.

Each month you will want to continue disputing to the credit bureaus. After 1-2 rounds of these credit
bureau disputes, you will be able to narrow down your real problem creditors.

Usually, these are the creditors who are reporting your most recent data. The more recent a negative item
is the greater chance the creditor has all your information readily available.

While those accounts will require more dispute work from you to have them removed, you will still have
success in getting many of those accounts deleted.

For these tough accounts, you will need to continue credit bureau disputes hoping that your methods will
cause the bureaus or the creditor to make an error. In addition, you may need to continue to dispute the
item until you find a dispute reason that the creditor cannot verify.

After your first or second round of disputes you will also want to start some of the Advanced Dispute tactics
discussed in a later section of this manual.

With both your credit bureau and direct creditor disputing going simultaneously, you will see more success
in deleting your recent and more harmful accounts.

Still, start with credit bureau disputes to narrow down the creditors who are really going to cause you
problems. On average, these bureau disputes should help you delete 40-60% of your total negatives.

Remember, every time you receive results from the credit bureaus, do your review, log your results, and
then initiate another round of credit bureau disputes.

If you don’t receive your reports back from the credit bureaus, review your
updated report with your credit monitoring service.

One of the new credit bureau stall tactics is to not even send back the reports
to you. After 40 days pass with no results received in the mail, login to your
credit monitoring account to see the changes.

You will typically find that the credit bureaus did do the investigation and updated your results; they just
didn’t mail the results back.

If this happens, use your updated credit report through the monitoring service to track your results.



                                                                                                               33