                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                 Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

You will then log your results on your Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute Log, and send out another round of
disputes for the negative accounts that still remain on your reports.


Credit Bureau Stall tactics
Once you get into the game of credit repair, you will quickly learn that the credit bureaus have absolutely no
interest in helping you correct your credit.

               Actually, they will do everything in their power to stop you from disputing your credit. Credit
               bureaus will do things or send you things to slow you down. These are their infamous “Stall
               Tactics.” Anything they can do to slow down or stall the process is called a Stall Tactic.

               There are many methods they try to use to stall the dispute process. We’re going to look at a
       few of the most common credit bureau stall tactics you will see.

No IDs, This Might be Fraud
One of the first tactics you will see is their letter requesting your IDs. Not having your ID is a valid reason for
not doing the dispute, so always insure your IDs are submitted with your disputes.

Even if you do send them with your disputes, you will commonly receive a letter from the credit bureaus
stating they have received a dispute which looks to be fraudulent, and for you to send your IDs back to
them.

Don’t get frustrated when this happens. Instead, EXPECT this to happen.
This is part of the game the bureaus will play. We have included
a standard response letter in your Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute
Letter Library for when this happens.

This letter basically says that you already sent your IDs, and now they have fewer days to complete the
dispute. Remember, they have 30 days to get a response from the creditors after initializing your dispute
according to the law.

So see how much time they have left by checking your log to find the date you mailed your disputes.
Subtract the amount of days that have passed from the 30 days, and enter that number of days in your
letter before you send it.

If they sent you this letter 7 days after you mailed the dispute, subtract that from 30 days, and you get 23
days left.

Use the template letter to mail back to them stating they now only have 23 days to respond to the dispute
by law as your IDs were already submitted with your dispute.

Your response letter will tell them that you know they already had your IDs, and neither you nor the law will
accept this excuse as valid for them not getting you results in 30 days.