                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Mail back this response letter if you do receive something from the bureaus stating they don’t have your
IDs, when you know they really do. You should then see results in the normal time frame you were
expecting.

This is Frivolous
If you are following our methods you should rarely see this letter. But you will see this letter if you attempt
to dispute the same account for another reason.

AND, sometimes you will now see this letter, even if the dispute really is not frivolous, as part of a new
credit bureau stall tactic.

If they respond to you and call your dispute frivolous, send back the response letter we provide stating that
the dispute is not frivolous, and that they now have X amount of days to still complete the dispute as
required to do by law.

If they respond again stating your dispute is frivolous, send out another dispute
letter for another reason for your dispute.

If they again respond and state it is frivolous, you will need to write yet another
letter to them stating you have never disputed the account for that reason; restate your reason; and then
send out that letter.

That should clarify the frivolous response and will get a new dispute started for you.


Identity theft
Identity Theft cases are handled differently than any other dispute. FACTA has a certain section dedicated
to how these disputes MUST be handled by the credit bureaus.

The credit bureaus have very strict restrictions on how they handle identity theft cases. If you take the steps
listed below, by law they must delete the negative item from your report.

               There is no grey area in FACTA. If you prove the identity theft, the credit bureaus MUST
               delete the item from your credit reports.

               This is an extremely effective way to have these items permanently removed from your credit
               report, guaranteed. But you must first file some official reports and complaints with state
               and Federal agencies to establish that you are truly dealing with an identity theft case.

First you must know that whoever is responsible for the theft will be pursued and prosecuted if you take
the official steps to correct your credit.

You can dispute ID theft cases like the other disputes we outline in this manual; keeping the person who
stole your ID from legal trouble. However, it will probably take you longer to correct your credit.
                                                                                                              35