                           FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                 Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Most of our ID theft clients had their ID stolen from someone they knew well. In many cases, it was a family
member who actually stole the ID and used it to apply for new credit.

Many clients do NOT want to get that person or relative in trouble. If you don’t want to get the person who
stole your ID into trouble, do NOT follow the steps we outline here in this section.

Instead dispute direct to the credit bureaus along with advanced tactics we outline later in this manual.
This being said, allow us the opportunity to lay out the official system for disputing ID theft cases.

Police Report
The first step you will need to take is to file a police report. You can call your local police station or sheriff’s
office. Tell them you have had your ID stolen and that you want to file a police report.

They will take information from you to complete the police report. This is where they will ask you if you
know who did it, and where they will request information to pursue that person if you do know who stole
and used your identity.

At the end of the call they usually tell you where and when you can pick up your report when the officer has
it completed. Make sure you get a copy of the police report as it will be required to file the official Identity
Theft report with the credit bureaus.

Identify Theft Federal Trade Commission Complaint
The second main component of an official Identity Theft Dispute is a Fraud Complaint with the Federal Trade
Commission.

               After you file your police report, go online to file your official ID Theft complaint with the FTC.
               To get started visit https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/.

               This “complaint assist” system with the Federal Trade Commission will then walk you through
               the complaint process.

Answer the questions as you work through the 8 steps in the overall complaint process. On the following
pages we have included screenshots of some of the questions that will be asked.

These questions are the questions asked in Steps 1 and 2. These are the basic questions they ask to get the
dispute started. The rest of the questions are then specific to the Identity Theft instances that occurred.

And at the end of course they ask for all your personal information, and allow you to print the entire form.

Here are some screenshots of Steps 1 and 2 of the form. The FTC does make
some minor changes, so these screenshots might be a little different from what
you actually see.