                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

You will want to include those with your ID Theft dispute letter supplied in your Elite Credit Repair Kit
Dispute Letter Library.

Ensure you complete the dispute form with the creditor’s name and account numbers. Include your police
report and FTC complaint form.

You can then mail off your dispute, and await the response.

To learn more about Identity Theft and how the Federal Trade Commission handles these cases visit
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.




Fraud Alerts
A Fraud Alert will be placed on your report when you have an identity theft case, or when you request that
one be added to your report.

You have probably seen ID Theft protection companies on TV. What these companies do is solicit the credit
bureaus to have a “fraud alert” placed on your credit report.

This fraud alert makes it tougher for people to access your credit report and use it to apply for new credit.

The alert is placed on the report, and the creditors to whom you apply will see this alert. They will then
require additional identifying documentation from you to process your application.

               So if you put a fraud alert on your report and then go to apply for a car loan; the car dealer
               would require additional ID from you to verify your identity.

               Fraud alerts give you an extra layer of protection against ID theft as the creditor has to follow
               strict guidelines in verifying your identity.

But keep in mind; you will be the one who is most hassled by a fraud alert on your report.

Each time you need to apply for new credit, you will be put through an extra series of steps to verify your ID.
This will slow down your approval process for sure, and in some cases this can become a bit of an
annoyance.

Don’t put a fraud alert on your report unless you know for sure someone is trying to steal your identity and
use it in applying for new credit.

It is very easy to put fraud alerts on your credit. There is no need to pay a company monthly to do this for
you, as the process is fast and easy to do by yourself.