                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Identity Theft companies do also charge you to monitor your report for
suspicious actively. You can monitor this yourself also, or you can hire one of
those companies to do it for you if you wish.

Even if you do hire another company to monitor this, you still need to
access your credit reports 1-2 times per year on your own to verify that no
unauthorized activity is happening to your reports.

You know what is on your credit reports better than anyone else. Your
eyes need to see your reports to ensure your ID is safe and your credit is
intact.

Placing a Fraud Alert on your Report
Filing a fraud alert on your credit is fast and easy to do. You can either call the credit bureaus or file for your
alert online. Below are the phone numbers and web addresses you will need to file your complaint.

The fraud alert will instantly be placed on your report whether you are requesting the alert through the
phone or on the bureaus’ websites.

A statement will be added to your credit reports indicating that you may be a victim of fraud and that
creditors should take additional steps to protect your identity before extending credit.

Here is the contact information you will need to file a fraud alert with the credit bureaus.

               Equifax Fraud Department               (888) 766-0008

               Web: https://www.alerts.equifax.com/AutoFraud_Online/jsp/fraudAlert.jsp


               Experian Fraud Department              (888) EXPERIAN (888-397-3742)

               Web: www.experian.com/fraud

               Trans Union Fraud Department    (800) 680-7289
               Web:
               www.transunion.com/corporate/personal/fraudIdentityTheft/fraudPrevention/fraudAlert.pa
               ge


When you request your alert online, the web page will ask for some basic information about who you are.
The form is pretty simple and easy to complete.

Here is the web form for Equifax so you can see the questions they ask.



                                                                                                                 43