                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

You can call the credit bureaus also to have Fraud and Identity Theft items deleted from your report. The
credit bureaus are very careful with how they handle these disputes. They typically delete the item
immediately, and then conduct an investigation. Their investigation will determine if your complaint is valid
or not.

This is a great tactic because they usually delete first, and then investigate later. But if you do this you HAVE
to make sure that the account you are calling on REALLY is under a Fraud or Identity Theft threat.

If you report an item as fraudulent, and it isn’t fraud at all, you could be in some BIG trouble. In effect, if
you do this you will be committing fraud yourself.

               From there you could face civil and criminal battles. If you don’t legitimately have a fraud
               case, do NOT use this method.

               If you do have a legitimate fraud case you want to clear up right away, call the bureaus
               immediately. Tell them you need to report Fraud on your report, and provide the account
               name and number.

You will also need to tell them what the fraud is. They should then delete the item and initiate an
investigation. If their investigation concludes there was fraud, the item will then stay deleted from your
report.

You can reach the credit bureaus by phone on their numbers below.

Equifax Fraud Department               (888) 766-0008

Experian Fraud Department              (888) EXPERIAN (888-397-3742)

Trans Union Fraud Department           (800) 680-7289


Pay to delete
Earlier in this guide you learned how paying off a collection can actually hurt your credit scores because you
end up updating the date-of-last-activity on your report.

This date change keeps that account on your credit report longer, and the bureaus read the pay-off as
recent negative activity which adversely affects your credit scores.

There is only ONE way to fix credit -- remove the negative items from
the report.

Paying them to $0 balances won’t help. Instead you need to remove all
evidence of the item’s existence as if it never happened.


                                                                                                                  45