                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Remember, the credit bureaus don’t have a memory. This means your report is a snapshot of what your
credit is at a certain point in time.

If you get a negative item deleted from your report, future creditors will NEVER know it was ever there to
begin with. And your credit scores will react to the deletion the same way., They increase as if the negative
account was never there.

To fix credit, you MUST have the item deleted.

This is why we advise clients to never pay off their negative items without trying to first submit a dispute
and get an investigation.

                      Through the dispute process you will remove most of your negative accounts from
                      your reports. But there may be items you can’t get removed through deletion and
                      you might want to negotiate to have these remaining items removed.

                      Your leverage is the balance you still owe on the debt, and the fact that the creditor or
                      collection company wants to still get paid.

                      This is the leverage you will need to use to negotiate getting the item DELETED from
                      your credit report.

You DON’T want to have the creditor tell you they will UPDATE your account or report it as a $0 balance.

You must make it crystal CLEAR that you want the item DELETED from your report, and that is the only way
you will pay off that debt.

This process is called Pay-to-Delete for obvious reasons. You are PAYING the balance due to have the item
DELETED from your report.

Understanding the Collection Process
Most of your debts will be negotiated by a Collection Company. In many of these cases, the Collection
Companies purchased the debt from Wall Street.

Sometimes a creditor will hire a Collection Company to pursue you to collect the debt. However, after a
year or two many creditors will simply “write-off” the debt on their side.

Then they turn around and sell the debt in a bad debt pool on Wall Street for literally pennies on the dollar.
Collection Companies purchase debt in “bundles”. A bundle is really an Excel file, with a bunch of consumer
data.

The bundle might contain 10,000 consumers who have defaulted with that creditor. The list might have the
name of the consumer, address, phone number, and account details.