                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

In many cases, this is ALL the evidence these Collection Companies have to try to collect on that debt. This is
why disputing removes so many collections, especially with advanced tactics.

In reality, very few Collection Companies even have what they are required by law to have in order to collect
on the debt in the first place. Once challenged, they concede and delete the item knowing they don’t have
the necessary documentation.

Now you understand who you are talking to when you speak with Collection Companies. Your original
creditor is long gone and these collection people will almost always accept at worst 50% of the debt. They
can easily do this since they bought the debt for as little as 5 cents on the dollar.

                      So if your credit card balance was $1,000, the collection company purchased the
                      rights to that debt for $50. Yes, they will gladly accept a payoff of $500.

                      The only case where they won’t is when they successfully file a judgment, which is
                      rare. When a judge has determined that you have to pay them, it’s pretty tough to
                      negotiate your way out of the debt.

                      Again, this is rare, and in most cases collection companies will gladly negotiate with
                      you.

When to Use Pay-to-Delete
There are a few times you want to consider paying off a debt to have it deleted from your report.

The first instance is where you have tried all other dispute methods unsuccessfully.

This could happen if you have disputed to the credit bureaus many times, and also have used many
advanced tactics that have not worked to get the item deleted.

                        If you have used the methods in this guide you should only have a
                        very small percentage of creditors who need “Pay to Delete” to get rid of the item.

                        In those few cases the debts are probably pretty recent, and the creditor or
                        collection company might have all the records and documentation they need to
                        report the debt. So they will keep fighting back because they think they have
                        enough evidence to validate the debt.

Another case where you might want to use “Pay-to-Delete” is when the debt keeps being reported by new
collection companies.

You should know that these debt pools are not just sold to one Collection Company. Many companies
purchase this debt to try collect. Later you will find out how to use this to your advantage for “Pay-to-
Delete”.
                                                                                                               47