                          FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

This buying of your debt is not the main issue. The real problem pops up when multiple companies start
reporting the debts against you one after the other.

So let’s say you had a bad Capital One debt. You disputed it, and were successful and the item was deleted.
Two months later your credit score goes down; and you see that a new collection company is now reporting
that debt.

                        So, you turn around and successfully dispute and delete that account. Another
                        month passes, and again another company is reporting that debt.

                        In this kind of case, you might want to consider “Pay-to-Delete,” especially if you
                        need your credit scores to be at or above a certain number to qualify for financing.

Once the debt keeps getting sold and then reported by different companies, your scores will continue to
drop each time the new collection appears.

This is a tough situation and you have two options to get out of it.

First, you could just negotiate and get that debt paid off so no more companies buy and re-report the debt.

Second, you can simply continue disputing and deleting the collections as they appear.

The choice is yours in that instance, but a Pay-to-Delete would permanently remedy your problem.

Those are the most common cases where you might want to consider a “Pay-to-Delete.” With most other
accounts you can save a fortune by disputing and deleting without paying off the debt.

How to Get an Item Deleted By Pay-to-Delete
To get an item deleted you first need to determine how much you want to
pay on the debt. The common end place is to settle for 50% of the original
debt. However, that doesn’t mean you can’t try to negotiate for less.

First figure out what you are willing to pay on the debt; then call the
Collection Company. You will usually have someone assigned to your
account, so write down the name of that person.

Let them know that you are serious about paying off that debt, but don’t
have the money to pay the entire balance. Still, you tell them you want to “do the right thing and put it
behind you.”

This is the language they will try to use on you, so hitting them with it first often makes them step back a bit.

Ask them what they can accept for payoff and listen to what they offer. From here a negotiation begins
between what they are offering you and what you want to pay.