                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

If you are willing to settle for 50%, the negotiation will in most cases be very short, as they usually accept
                     those terms with no issue.

                    Once you get numbers worked out and have agreed to a price, you will want to let your
                    representative know that you need to ensure the item is DELETED from your credit
                    report.

                       And let them know you need something in writing stating the item will be deleted from
                      your report. Never take their “word for it” if you can avoid it; always, always, always, try
to get it in writing!!

Now they might begin a play on words. They might tell you they will update, or change the account. The
only word you want to hear is “DELETE”. Don’t accept anything other than them agreeing to DELETE the
item.

Ensure that they confirm they will DELETE the item from your report, and that they will give it to you in
writing.

If they won’t give it to you in writing, record the phone call. One way or another, get confirmation from
them, and try and try again to get it in writing.

If They Say Yes
You’re all set! Get your letter from the creditor or collection agency agreeing they will delete the item from
your report, and pay them what you agreed on.

You will then want to send a copy of this letter to the credit bureau
with a general dispute letter stating the account is inaccurate and
demand deletion.

Wait for the results from the credit bureau, and keep an eye on your
credit monitoring account to ensure that this item does get deleted.

If the creditor gives you the letter and agrees, you should then see that the item is deleted. We have never
seen a case where this doesn’t happen.

But make sure you get the letter agreeing that they will DELETE the account from your credit reports. Then
you should see the item removed 40-45 days later.

If They Say No
In most cases, creditors and Collection Companies will not just roll over and give you this letter. They will
typically put up some type of resistance.


                                                                                                                 49