                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Before you move forward with the conversation, ask them to acknowledge that this is something they CAN
do.

This will rattle them, but be insistent that they acknowledge that they CAN do this. You might even want to
say to them, “All you need to do is complete and return the Universal Data Form.”

That statement shows them that you know what you are talking about. Then be very nice, and tell your
representative that you KNOW it can be done, and you simply will not accept “No” for an answer.

Let the person to whom you’re talking know that you also understand that they might not have the
authority to authorize what you’re asking for.

Repeat your offer to pay off the debt as agreed, reminding them all you is need confirmation the item will
be deleted.

Then politely tell your representative that if they don’t have the authority to authorize this, you would like
                         to speak with a supervisor who does have that authority.

                        Talk this out with your representative, or get a supervisor on the phone. In most
                        cases you will be dealing with Collection Companies, not the original creditor.

                        You can let them know that you are serious about paying off the debt. If they are
                        serious about taking your money then they will agree to take 5 minutes to complete
                        the universal data form and everyone wins.

                        Remind them that you already have the original creditor on your credit, and there is
                        no reason for their account to also be reported.

You want to do the right thing and pay off the debt; they should do the right thing and delete their duplicate
report.

Also, remind them that if they won’t do this, they are not serious about taking your money. You will just
wait to speak with another collection company chasing after that debt that will take your money and delete
the item.

They might tell you that the item would remain on the report in that instance. Remind them that they are
saying it will remain on your report even if you pay them anyway.

In the end, demand confirmation they delete the item in return for payment.

If they won’t accept this, DON’T pay it off.

Paying off the debt at this point will gain you nothing; and you will lose the only leverage you have. Try to
work this out with the Collection Company. If they won’t work with you, keep disputing.
                                                                                                                 51