                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                 Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Eventually, another Collection Company will report and you might have better luck dealing with them. Then
when this company no longer holds the debt, POUND them with disputes. They won’t waste tons of time
fighting back when they don’t hold the debt, and have nothing to gain by fighting with you.

Success
In most cases you will get the item deleted if you follow these steps. You might need to speak to a few
people, but you should be able to get it done.

Don’t pay that debt off without getting them to agree to delete. And don’t accept their excuses if they tell
you they can’t do it. Stand your ground so they know you are serious and you know what they can and can’t
do.

In most cases, they will agree to delete the item in return for payment, if you are insistent.


Legal liability versus credit
Credit repair will NOT remove your legal liability for your debts. Even if you do delete your negative credit
items from your credit report, you will still legally owe that debt.

                        If you pay off the debt or collection, the damage will still remain to the credit report.
                        DEBT OWED and CREDIT REPORTED are two completely separate elements.

                        If you owe a creditor money, even if you get the account deleted from your credit
                        report, you still owe that creditor money. They can still legally pursue you for that
                        debt if they choose to do so.

                        If you have a judgment, or garnishment of wages; having the item deleted will not
                        make that debt go away. You will still owe the debt, even if the item is not on the
credit report.

The purpose of repairing your credit is so that future creditors who review your reports will not see the prior
damage.

This will help you get approved for the financing you need, and at a very good interest rate. You will also be
able to re-negotiate with your current debtors when your credit
profile is repaired, lowering both the interest rates and payments.

There are endless benefits to having a great credit profile. Just keep in mind
when you see those reports coming back with all those deletions, you do still
owe those debts.

One of the true rewards of credit repair is that nobody else knows that you owe those debts.