                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz


Statute of Limitations (SOL)
Almost all the creditors on your credit report have a statue of limitations for how long they can attempt to
collect on a debt.

The Statue of Limitations is the legal time frame that the debt can be pursued through the court system.

There are some accounts that have no statute of limitations. Here’s a list of most of
those types of debt:

 •     Federal Student Loans
 •     Most Types of Fines
 •     Past Due Child Support
 •     Taxes and Tax Liens

The statue of limitations is typically based on the state you live in now, or the
state where the debt originally occurred, or the state you were in when you
originally applied for the debt.

Every state is different, so you might want to research the statute of limitations in your state on your
account types. You can research your State’s civil debt collection codes.

According to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, most UNSECURED debt expires in 3-6 years. Contracts
such as car loans expire after 6 years.

Judgments can last up to 20 years, and can be renewed. indefinitely. Those dates are typically based on the
date of default (when you stopped making payments), but some contracts might extend to the original
contract date. This also varies based on state law.

                       These statutes are important to you for a few reasons.

                       First, there are some disputes based on the debtor not being able to collect on the
                       debt due to the statue of limitations expiring. This is also a great Advanced Dispute
                       tactic which we teach you later, and have a letter for in your Elite Credit Repair Kit
                       Dispute Letter Library.

Second, this is why you never want to make any kind of payment to a Collection Company. The time they
can collect would then extend from the time you made your last payment to them.

This is why some Collection Companies make it so easy for you to continue to make payments.

But even the Federal Trade Commission warns, “WARNING! While the statute of limitations (SOL) is running
or even after it's expired, making ANY payment or signing a promissory note can reset or restart (depends
on your state law) the statute of limitations.”
                                                                                                                53