                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

Finally, you don’t want to push your disputes too far with creditors who can still pursue you in court.

                     If you start attacking an original creditor with a year old debt, your disputes might just
                     prompt them to take your case to the courts. This is rare, but it does happen.

                     The older a credit item is, the more successful your disputes will be. This is partially
                     because the creditor has less documentation, and in large part due to many older
                     accounts being outside of the statute of limitations.

                     The creditor doesn’t really gain anything by responding to all those disputes, as they
                     know they can’t legally collect on the debt anyway.

The opposite is also true. If a creditor knows that you owe them money and they have current
documentation clearly supporting their case; they might pursue you in court.

If you start attacking them with credit disputes, you will increase the probability that some of them might
come after you.

You shouldn’t get really scared off by this; you simply need to know it can happen. And try to limit your
attacks on ORIGINAL creditors with very recent data on your account where you KNOW you are in the
wrong.


Advanced tactics and How to dispute to the creditors
There’s much more to proficient credit repair than just sending letters to
the credit bureaus.

The credit bureau dispute process is based on the Fair Credit Reporting
Act’s requirement that disputes be investigated.

Your disputes will be highly effective if you use the tactics in this guide.
With credit bureau disputes you might even see 50% of your negative items removed.

But, what about the other 50%?

This is where Advance Credit Repair Tactics come into play. These tactics are designed to help you dispute
and remove your most recent and harmful accounts.

And unlike credit bureau disputes, Advanced disputes work with hundreds of laws, not just the Fair Credit
Reporting Act.

These disputes are designed to challenge the creditor for compliance with numerous Federal laws.