                               Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

                       Leverage is the main point of Advance Credit Repair Tactics. Your creditor is using the
                       credit report as leverage to get paid. They are even willing to manipulate the data in
                       their favor with the intent of worsening your credit.

                       If you don’t want to pay off the debt, you might think you don’t have a lot of leverage
                       with which to fight back.

Actually, you have a lot of leverage to use to get your items deleted from your reports.

There are over 200 consumer laws designed to protect your rights as a consumer, and your creditors
commonly ignore these laws.

They blatantly break the law, counting on you not knowing your rights well enough to challenge them.

And the truth is you would have to be an attorney to know and understand all the rights you actually have.

So we have condensed many of these rights for you in a powerhouse of Advanced Dispute Letters. You can
find them in your Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute Letter Library.

These dispute letters will help you delete your most harmful accounts by
challenging the creditor’s compliance with some of these consumer laws.



How The Advanced Letters Work
The secret to advanced disputing is to challenge creditors on laws you
believe they are probably violating.

Many of the advanced dispute tactics involve requesting information
from your creditors directly. This is documentation they have to supply to you
by law.

For example, the Fair Billing Act requires the creditor to supply you with many things upon your request.
The required documents include all your billing statements as well as detailed breakdowns of the debt
allegedly owed, just to name a few.

In the dispute letter the creditor is given the option of supplying the documentation, as required by law, or
deleting the item from your credit report.

Many of the letters also outline the repercussions the creditor will face if the item is not deleted.

These include official complaints being filed with the necessary State and Federal entities. You also have the
right to civil penalties, not to mention opening the door to a possible class action lawsuit.



                                                                                                            55