                         FREE CREDIT REPAIR COURSE www.creditdeputies.com

                Click Here Done For You Credit Repair Service For Less Than $50 Per Month

The creditor faces all these repercussions for breaking the law and not storing the required documentation.
And all will be forgiven if they simply delete the item from your report!

This is just an example of how an advanced letter works. You find the creditor’s violations, and then use
those as leverage to get your negative items permanently removed from your credit report.

We stress permanently, because in this kind of disputing the creditor is voluntarily removing the negative
item. This means you stand little chance of having that item re-reported again on your report because they
voluntarily deleted it.

Here’s another example of an advanced dispute. You can challenge a creditor or Collection Company for
HIPPA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) violations. If creditors are reporting a medical
collection on the credit report, they are violating medical privacy laws.

The underlying principal of Advanced Dispute Tactics is that the
threat alone will get the item deleted from your credit report.

The threat to sue, the threat to file complaints with the Federal
Trade Commission and Secretary of State; the threat to start a class
action lawsuit against them; and even the threat to investigate
them further is enough for most creditors to delete the item rather
than deal with the headaches.

Creditors prey on unknowing consumers. They know that out of 400 of those consumers, maybe 1 will
actually ever challenge them on anything. In almost all cases, they would rather deal with the 399
consumers who have no idea what is going on, and leave that lonely educated person alone.

This is especially true when you catch them clearly violating the law, and you outline your intentions to hit
them in all the places that hurt the most.

                       NO company wants problems with the FTC and Secretary of State. NO company just
                       ignores the threat of a lawsuit, especially when they know they are in the wrong. NO
                       company waives off the threat of a nationwide class-action lawsuit against them.

                       It just doesn’t make sense for them to fight back; knowing that on the one hand they
                       face this, and on the other hand if they simply delete a credit item they will probably
                       never get paid for to begin with from 1 person’s credit report.

This is why advanced disputing works so well. The secret is to know and understand the laws well enough to
know what and how to challenge.

Lucky for you, we have done all this work for you. The letters are already prepared for you to send to your
creditors.