                              Get Your Credit Report www.getmycreditscore.net

                      Credit Cards For Less Than Perfect Credit www.badcreditcards.biz

Mailing Advanced Letters
Do not used advanced tactics until your 2nd or 3rd round of credit bureau disputes. You can continue your
credit bureau disputes for different reasons, and work on some advanced methods simultaneously.

Reference your Elite Credit Repair Kit Dispute Letter Library to choose the best dispute letter. Make sure
you enter the account name and number on the dispute letter, and don’t forget to sign it.

Then mail your letter to your creditor directly. All your creditors are listed on your credit report. You can
obtain their addresses from the reports they return to you in the mail, or through your credit monitoring
service report.

These letters go DIRECTLY to your CREDITORS. Do NOT mail them to the credit bureaus or they will do you
no good. Remember, the credit bureaus only dispute a REASON.

These disputes challenge and threaten; and you need these to land in your
creditors’ hands directly.

Make sure you mail your disputes to your creditors directly. Then keep an
eye on your credit report for results.

Many of these advanced letters require the creditor do certain things. But the law does NOT require that
the creditor respond to your dispute.

The only way you will see the result is to monitor your report. Your creditors will typically not respond to
you by mail if they delete items based on your advanced letters.

This is why it is essential you monitor your credit reports for the results of your advanced disputes.


Summary
This guide could easily have been 1000 pages long. There is so much to know and understand about credit,
and there is also a lot more to be learned and understood about effective credit repair.

            What we have tried to do with the guide is to condense some of the most important information
            you will need to start repairing your credit today.

            The best part is that these methods have been tested thousands of times, so you know the
            results will be there. You only need to execute the steps we have presented to you to see great
            credit improvement.

The most important thing you can do is to do SOMETHING. Don’t sit on this knowledge; get your letters in
the mail today. Remember, that which goes unchallenged stays unchanged.



                                                                                                                57