



                  C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 08 R e g i n a l d Ri n gg o l d
                          A L L RI G H T S RE S E R VE D



No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any form or by any means or
stored in any database or retrieval system without express permission in writing by
The Corporate Credit Association of America.

Some of the articles contained in this report are considered Bonus articles,
provided as a benefit to the reader. All Bonus articles are copyright their
respective authors.

                                      Disclaimer
Corporate Credit Association is providing this manual on an "as is" basis and
makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to its contents.
The articles contained herein are sold for informational purposes only and all local
laws apply. Any use or misuse of this information is solely the responsibility of
the purchaser. CCA disclaims all such representations and warranties, including
for example warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In
addition, CCA does not represent or warrant that the information in this manual is
accurate, complete or current. This information was gathered from sources
believed to be reliable, but cannot be guaranteed insofar as they apply to any
particular individual. This manual is sold with the understanding that CCA is not
engaged in rendering legal or accounting services. Questions relevant to the
specific tax, legal, and accounting needs of the reader should be addressed to
practicing members of those professions. Neither CCA nor any of its directors,
employees, other representatives or advertisers will be liable for damages arising
out of or in connection with the use of this manual. This is a comprehensive
limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without
limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data,
income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.

Let me explain my writing style I have been using the Dragon Naturally Speaking
9 off and on. It is a device that allows you to speak into a microphone and it types
what you say. If you notice words that seem like they do not belong in the
sentence, it is because the device sometimes has a hard time deciphering the

                                                                                  4