

multiple       business       accounts,     credit      cards      and       vendors.

We had a rude awaking!!

We were informed that our corporation had ZERO credit we did not even have a
Duns number. (For more on the Duns number refer to the Business Credit
Reporting Agencies Chapter). The business credit that we did have was based on
our personal credit and was all tied to us personally, not to mention none of the
trade references that we had were reporting to D&B. We did some more research
and found out that our corporation didn't even have a corporate credit file with
D&B or Experian.
(For more info on D&B and Experian refer to the Business Credit Reporting
Agencies chapter.)

How could this happen!

We were seasoned business veterans with paid professional advisors! (Or so we
thought!)

After our shocking discovery, we decided to do our due diligence and we
discovered the real story. As it turns out, our banker wasn't much help. He was as
uninformed as we were. So he referred us the banker who handled the business
accounts, the banker we spoke with was full of outdated, BAD information.
Neither of them knew the first steps to establishing real corporate credit! So we
took it in our own hands.

What You Don't Know Can Hurt You

If in your personal life you paid for everything with cash. And then at 45, you
finally decide that you want to finance something. Would you be able to? The
answer is no, you would be declined. Why? Well what would your personal credit
score be? You wouldn't have one, and that's why you would be declined. This is
the same for business credit; only 5% of businesses are successful in obtaining a
Corporate Credit profile that is separate from their personal credit profile. The
fact is 97% of all business credit applications are denied, 94% of all businesses fail
within the first two years, four out of five fail within the first five years, and 87%
wait until they run out of money before they do something about it.



                                                                                   11