

the highest business credit ratings are reserved for larger corporations with a lot of
employees (more on this in the business credit reporting agencies chapter). The
longer your business has been in business the more creditability your business has.
You can do nothing and as the days go on your corporate credit is getting better
and better. Although you can do nothing and your business credit builds. There
are steps one must follow to obtain the highest Paydex score and Duns Rating with
Dun & Bradstreet (more on these steps in the seven steps chapter). Without
advanced techniques it takes six months to two years of corporate credit building
and good payments to develop a solid business credit foundation.

Why Corporate Credit?

Having corporate credit established for a business is the key to its success.
Throughout the history of a business the need for credit will most likely arise.
Establishing the business’s credit should be started before the company needs it.
No lending institution wants to lend money to a business in need of cash flow.
The business can start out using the owner’s or officer’s credit to gain approvals
under the business name, but as the business grows it should start to establish its
own credit history and credit profile that is separate from the personal credit of its
owners, in order to take on corporate credit of its own.

To prevent people from becoming overextended, consumer credit keeps track of
how many credit or loan applications a consumer makes using inquiries, most of
which count against your consumer credit score. On the other hand, business
credit does not count numerous applications for financing against you, since
businesses usually seek financing on a regular basis as a way to run and grow the
business. You are only allowed one personal credit profile. But, you can create and
grow as many corporations with corporate credit files as you need. That means you
can have multiple corporations with 6-7 figure corporate credit limits. Good
business credit is the lifeline of your business. Business credit allows you to have
convenience in purchasing. Just by building a business credit profile you will be
able to limit the use of your personal guarantee. Good business credit enables you
to obtain funding for things like expansion, capital expenditures, research and
development, staffing etc. It is the principal contributing factor to your businesses
future growth, not to mention the cash necessary for survival. Having established
Corporate Credit allows you to respond quickly to time-sensitive requirements,
without halting or compromising operations.



                                                                                   17