

One way to help determine a manageable credit limit is to predict an amount
that is small enough so that you can pay it off in full for at least one month
during the year. This demonstrates solid business practice and shows that
your finances are under control. If you cannot pay off your business credit
cards in full for at least one month during the year, it may be seen as a
reflection by the potential lender that your business has initially borrowed too
much money in the past year, or that your businesses revenues are not what you
expected, or that some other form of financial trouble is affecting your
business.

But ultimately you can create and grow as many corporations with corporate credit
files as you need. That means you can have multiple corporations with 6-7 figure
corporate credit limits. So it is unlimited the skies is the limit on how much
corporate credit your corporation can obtain but make sure that your corporation
has the capacity to service the debt. I recommend if you are going to obtain
Corporate Credit for a just in case scenario, which is quite alright because it’s
better to be safe than sorry, but if it is for just in case then it is best to obtain a
revolving line of credit instead of a loan. This way you avoid paying a payment
until you utilize the line of credit.

What Kinds of Corporate Credit Are Available?

When applying for Corporate Credit it is important to know what kinds of
Corporate Credit you are applying for. For example if your business needs $10,000
for a new company car, a $10,000 credit card from Home Depot would not help
much. So when applying for Corporate Credit, make sure you know what kind of
Corporate Credit you are applying for. There are a few types of Corporate Credit
available: Cash Credit, Trade/Vendor Credit, and Leases.

Cash Credit- is the credit you get from credit cards- such as Visa, Master Card,
and American Express as well as lines of credit or any loans from lending
institutions, private investors, venture capitalist etc. Most cash credit is reported to
Experian. (More on Experian in the business credit reporting agencies chapter.)

Trade/Vendor Credit- is credit from stores such as Office Max, Office Depot,
Home Depot, Lowe’s etc. A good way to establish trade references is to ask the
suppliers who do business with your company to finance the products, materials
etc. that they sell to you. Make it clear to your supplier that your businesses goal is
to find a supplier that not only provides a reliable product, but also is willing to
defer the receipt of payment until your business sells the products. Most Trade
                                                                                     21