

credit is reported to D&B. (More on D&B in the business credit reporting agencies
chapter.)

Leases- there are two types of leases Capital leases and operating leases. In a lease
you are paying for the deprecation during the term of use on the equipment. Leases
are commonly easier to obtain then loans or other types of credit.

Capital leases: A lease that meets one or more of the following criteria, meaning it
is classified as a purchase by the lessee: the lease term is greater than 75% of the
property's estimated economic life; the lease contains an option to purchase the
property for less than fair market value; ownership of the property is transferred to
the lessee at the end of the lease term; or the present value of the lease payments
exceeds 90% of the fair market value of the property.

Operating leases: An operating lease is a lease whose term is short compared to
the useful life of the asset or piece of equipment (an airliner, a ship etc.) being
leased. An operating lease is commonly used to acquire equipment on a relatively
short-term basis. Thus, for example, an aircraft which has an economic life of 25
years may be leased to an airline for 5 years on an operating lease.

Your Corporate Credit profile includes a variety of factors about your business,
such as the date it was started, the skills and experience of your listed officers, and
number of employees and annual sales. This type of information is listed in your
business credit profile, along with scores and ratings that are derived from your
businesses (“character”) past behavior to predict its future behavior. For example,
your ability and willingness to pay your bills on time and in the past is factored
into your ability and likelihood of paying your bills in the future.

The fact is 97% of all business loan applications are declined, because most
business owners apply for loans not knowing the banks underwriting guidelines.
But how do you become one of the other 3%, educate yourself know the bank’s
lending criteria. Did you know most lenders will decline your application if they
cannot find your business name and phone in the 411 directory assistance? Most
lenders will decline you if your company does not have a Duns number. Most
lenders require your debt coverage ratio to be 5 to 1 or your personal fico score to
be 680 and above. Corporate credit is evaluated using the 5 C’s of Corporate
Credit.



                                                                                    22