

5 C's of Corporate Credit

   1. Capital: a business must have a stable capital base before a bank will grant a
      loan. Otherwise the bank would be making, in effect a capital investment in
      the business. Most banks refuse to make loans that are capital investments
      because the potential for return is limited strictly to the interest on the loan,
      and the potential loss would exceed the reward. In fact, the most common
      reasons that banks give for rejecting a business loan application are under-
      capitalization and too much debt. The bank expects the business to have the
      equity base of investment by the owner(s) that will help support the venture
      during times of financial strain.

   2. Capacity: a synonym for capacity is cash flow. The bank must be
      convinced of the firm's ability to meet its regular financial obligations and to
      repay the bank loan, and that takes cash. More businesses fail from a lack of
      cash than from a lack of profit. It is possible for a company to show a profit
      and still have no cash, and that is to be technically bankrupt. Bankers expect
      the business loan applicant to pass the test of liquidity, especially, for short-
      term loans. The bank studies closely the company's cash flow position to
      decide whether it meets the capacity required.

   3. Collateral: collateral includes any assets the owner pledges to the bank as
      security for the repayment of the loan if the company defaults on the loan,
      the bank has the right to sell the collateral and use the proceeds to satisfy the
      loan. Typically, banks make very few unsecured loans (those not backed by
      collateral) to business start-ups. Banker’s view the owner’s willingness to
      pledge collateral (personal or business assets) as an indication of dedication
      to making a venture a success. A sound business plan improves a banker’s
      attitude towards a venture.

   4. Character: Before approving a loan to a business, the banker must be
      satisfied with the business owner's character. Evaluation of character
      frequently is based on intangible factors such as honesty, competence,
      determination, intelligence, and ability. Although the qualities judged are
      abstract, the evaluation plays a critical role in the banker's decision. Loan
      officers know that most businesses fail because of in competent
      management, so they try to avoid extending loans to high-risk managers.


                                                                                    23