

to pay the loan off. An added bonus is the interest cost is tax deductible. You can
work on the job for 50 years and make only enough money to barely get by, but if
you start applying the Smart Money strategies and techniques shown in this book
you can build great wealth using corporate credit in a very short period of time.
Although the average person gripes about the difficulty of borrowing money, most
people never tried for anything more than a car or house. At this end of the
market, the competition for dollars is keen. Those who think big, however bring
big ideas to the major money sources, they find that there are fewer out stretched
hands at the zenith and more of a chance of convincing lenders to open their
Purses. Remember money lenders are in the business to lend money that is the
only way they profit.



Let’s Get Down to Business

When an individual borrows money from a bank or any other source for personal
use, you get what is called a “personal loan”. The interest for a personal loan is
much higher than the interest on a business or any other loan. Why because there
is a greater risk involved to the lender when it makes a personal loan. With
personal loans often times a person spends the money on a liability that will cost
them even more money on expenses. With business loans there are larger profits
for the banks, because often time’s businesses take out larger loans, and larger
loans equal a higher return on interest, which equals more profit for the banks.
Let's face it banks are in business for profit like any other business. There's also a
greater chance in getting their money back because business loans are taken out for
business purposes, which bring profit instead of more liabilities. Lenders prefer
lending to businesses over individuals, for the simple reason that individuals can
only have one income stream, while businesses can have many. So put yourself in
the banks shoes if you're a bank or a lending institution, who would you feel more
comfortable lending your money to an individual or a business?



John & Robert

John is a business owner who is looking for capital to get his pottery business off
the ground he consults with a business consultant who advises him that it would be
wise of him to either seek a joint venture partner or to apply for a business loan.
Since he does not have the corporate credit to qualify for a business loan he has no

                                                                                   26