

Here's how it works:
  1. The business costs $1 million.
  2. The gross revenue is $2 million per year.
  3. The cash flow is $600,000.

You can use the business as collateral for the $1 million dollar loan, and the
$600,000 net cash flow to repay the loan. You should not have to personally
guarantee the loan if you follow the LBO guidelines.

The business generates gross income of $165,000 per month, with net income of
$50,000. After subtracting $20,000 for the loan payment, you would have $30,000
net profit every month to live on. Could you get used to living on $30,000 per
month?

The only way to put your financial future in your own hands is through business
ownership. A growing business will give you the opportunity to make more money
in your sleep or while you’re on vacation that you ever dreamed possible. Owning
a business is the best vehicle to accumulate financial independence. It’s better than
real estate than the Stock Market etc. For example it is better than real estate
because there are a lot of businesses that are for sell with the real estate and all
other assets included. So not only are you buying real estate, you’re buying the
businesses assets and cash flow. This makes obtaining financing for a business a
lot easier than financing the real estate alone. It is much easier to obtain financing
on a $10,000,000 business with the real estate included then it is to finance a
$500,000 house. Because when you purchase a house you have to prove you make
enough money to afford the note. But when you buy an existing business with
several years in business and cash flow, there is a proven track record showing that
the business has the capacity to service the debt.

Buying businesses is better than trading stock because anyone can trade stock. But
in order to have your own stock traded on the open stock market you must be in
business as a corporation. When the shares of stock go up your profit goes up
which means you got in on the ground level of the business when the stock was
worth whatever par value you set and when the stock skyrocketed so did your net
worth. Also an individual can take the profit from selling shares of stock and
reinvest them back into the stock market. In the stock market you risk losing
money but when you own a business you only risk not making profit. And if you

                                                                                   32