

Leverage an existing business with all the inventory and equipment needed to
operate your initial investment is minimal.

Unlike being an employee owning your own business gives you security. As an
employee you never know when the company is going to downsize and lay you
off, switch ownership, or file for reorganization. When you own a business you
make the decisions and delegate whatever duties and decisions you do not want
bother with. It doesn’t make much of a difference what your background is, your
experience or what’s in your bank account. Your success is determined on hard
you push yourself until you finally purchase that business that puts $20,000,
$50,000 or whatever it is you need to live comfortably every month. Don’t listen to
those who tell you that it is not a good idea because they either work for someone
else or work every day like an overworked employee. The fact is when you buy the
right business it does require for you to be there for it to operate. The owners
and/or management usually stay on for long term or to help transition. The
employee’s stay in place and nothing changes except the ownership and any new
ideas you implement.

Sellers often spend a lot of time and effort trying to prove to you how much of a
great business it is and so on and so forth. But keep in mind that if it such a great
business then why are they selling it. Get as much information as you can no
matter how time consuming it may be. Buying business can be a daunting task as
you navigate through the business buying maze of studying, searching, meeting,
negotiating, doing due diligence, renegotiating and closing. But you must do your
due diligence so you can make an informed decision to buy and not just make an
offer on impulse. Allow yourself the time to fully educate yourself on the business.
Add proper contingencies giving you a clear exit strategy to protect your
corporation and your deposit. Which brings me to my next point always buy the
businesses with a corporation this provides liability protection. As stated in the
LBO guidelines the business must be incorporated this allows you to put your
existing or new corporation as a Director or listed officer of the corporation. Also
corporation can go public and put it shares on the open stock market unlike LLC’S.
This is why I do not recommend LLC’s, S.P.’s, and G.P.’s not to mention most of
these businesses and their debts are tied to the sellers making it harder to transfer
ownership and establish corporate credit since the businesses credit is based on the
seller. Keep in mind that every business that you come across will have a few
imperfections but do not let this discourage you or keep you from moving forward
in your Investigation. Here is an example I am currently in contact on a
transportation company in Florida this company has great potential. But from the
                                                                                  33