

outside looking in it did not appear this way at first glance. The numbers for the
previous year dipped compared to the year before and they would not explain why
until we flew out to Florida to do a site visit. At first we were skeptical but then we
realized we were going against our own rules we hopped on the Jet and flew out to
Florida. It was a good thing we did because not only was the facility being under
used with the potential to rent out the other units, there was an auto body shop out
back to service the buses that was bringing in extra income because they were
fixing others business in the area. They were they only shop with a facility that
fixes tour buses within a 100 mile radius and there are no more being built in the
near future. They had an advertising company that did all their artwork and
advertising for the transportation company and other companies in the area. But
this was not the best part about the business; the best part was that business was in
a lawsuit for 5 million with the manufacturing company of the tour buses. The
lawsuit was in their favor because three tour buses caught on fire the previous year.
This explained why the businesses numbers dropped compared to the year before.
Had we not did our due diligence we would not have found out all of the positives
of the business. So try your hardest to differentiate and separate the difference
between the minuet issues and the catastrophes. Follow these guidelines and you’re
on your way to success.

When I negotiate a deal to buy a business I always get the seller to carry paper of
at least 25% of the business. Unless it’s the deal of a century and the seller is not
willing to negotiate because of their current situation. I do this for two reasons,
when there are assets involved like equipment and real estate it is easier to get a
loan against the assets and have the seller carry paper on the unsecured proportion
of the business, which is the business itself. If they seller is not willing to carry
paper ask why. Because it could be that he does not believe the company can
service the debt because of cash flow issues. This could be the reason they’re
selling the business in the first place. This brings me to the second reason I make
sellers carry paper is because when the seller still has money vested in the deal
they will make sure that they do everything in their power to make sure the
business is successful.

Again do not get discouraged if you do not have a whole lot of money or a wealth
of knowledge on buying businesses. Just like realtors, mortgage brokers, and loan
officers are there to assist you in the home buying process. There are Business
Brokers, Corporate Attorneys, Corporate Accountants, and Business Bankers to
assist you in the business buying process. If you have not yet hired a professional
team I suggest you do so before you start the business buying process. Trust me the

                                                                                    34