



                                          Chapter 4
                                The Different Business Entities

“If you want to make over $100,000 a year, why are you talking about making money with someone who makes
under $100,000 a year? To whom are you listening?” Wade B. Cook



When starting a new business, one of the first decisions a business owner faces is
choosing what form of business entity is best for the business. A Corporate
Attorney will help with this decision. The fact is most business owners fail to think
this through properly and choose a business entity that does not offer many tax
benefits or much protection for their personal assets.

Unfortunately most business owners operate as a Sole Proprietorship or a
Partnership. Though it is true these business entities are easy and less expensive to
start than a corporation, a corporation offers more tax benefits and more protection
for one’s personal assets.

When trying to establish corporate credit I recommend forming a corporation. I do
not recommend Sole Props or partnerships because there is no legal distinction
between the business and its owners. Which means the business and its owners are
one in the same. I do not recommend LLC’S because of charging orders, if an
LLC loses a lawsuit instead of a judgment they are hit with a charging order. The
members of the LLC can decide not to distribute profits yet still submit a K-1
distribution to the IRS that states the creditors are responsible for the tax obligation
of the distribution, even though the profits were never distributed. Most attorneys
will advise their clients not to take a lien on distributions. This makes most
creditors require a personal guarantee when trying to apply for business loans.
Because of charging orders the owner of an LLC will never be able to build a
Corporate Credit profile that is separate from their personal credit profile.

Again I do not recommend operating as a Sole Proprietorship or a Partnership but
for the sake of education I am going to go over all of the different business entities,
their advantages and disadvantages, and their comparisons to each other.




                                                                                                           37