

Sole Proprietorships (S.P.’S)

One of the most commonly used business entities is a Sole Proprietorship. It is a
business that is owned by one owner, there is no legal distinction between the
business owner and the business, so the owner is completely liable for every aspect
of the business structure. Although a S.P. is the cheapest and easy business entity
to set up (because all you have to do is register your business with the city, file
your fictitious business name with the county recorder’s office, put up a sign
outside and you’re in business as a sole prop). But this business entity does not
provide protection for the business owner’s personal assets, and owners receive
fewer tax advantages or tax deductions.

So as a sole prop business liabilities automatically become personal liabilities. The
company’s bills are their bills. If the business is sued successfully, sole proprietors
may get a judgment levied against their personal assets.

Advantages

Ease of Formation: A Sole proprietorship is one of the easiest business entities to
from. It only requires a business license and a DBA filed with state.

Pass-through tax treatment: All the profits flow directly through the individual
who reports the profits on their personal tax return. This makes things a lot easier
because only one tax return is involved instead of two separate ones.

Less Upkeep and Paper work: There are fewer formalities to keep track of, no
meeting to conduct, and no formal documents to draft up or file except a business
license and DBA.

Disadvantages

Personal Liability: The business owner is responsible for all the debts and
obligations of the business, as well as any judgments against the business. This
means your personal assets are not protected in the event of a lawsuit against the
business.

Lack of Continuity: When the business owner dies or for whatever reason is
unable the run the business the business dies or languishes. The heir’s or
successors can only sell the assets of the business and not the business itself.

                                                                                    38