

Harder to attract funding and money from investors: A S.P. is not attractive to
investors because in the event of a lawsuit, it does not provide much protection for
the owner’s personal assets, or the investor’s investment. A S.P. cannot raise
capital through offering its stock to the public on the open stock market, because it
has no shares of stock. Raising capital is all ways caped off at a very limited
amount. This is because most lending institutions don’t want to deal with risk and
liability of lending money to a high risk business entity. Most Sole Props are
funded by the business owners own funds, which makes them an even greater risk
because in the event the business fails the business owners have more to lose.

Bigger profits means bigger problems: When a S.P. starts to make more profit it
will be taxed at a personal tax rate which is usually higher than the corporate tax
rate.

Harder to sell: It is harder to sell a S.P. since the value of the business is based on
the owner and not the business.

General Partnerships (G.P.’S)

A partnership consists of two or more individuals or entities coming together for
the purpose of conducting a business. Though it is recommended to have an
agreement that explains the terms of the partnership, no formal documents are
needed to establish a partnership. Some states require registration. Just like a S.P. a
partnership has pass-through tax treatment, all the profits flow directly through the
individuals who report the profits on their personal tax returns. Partnerships just
like any other entity are required to get a tax payer identification number. Though
this structure is simple and requires few formalities, partnerships have the greatest
risk involved because the partners are responsible for the actions and decisions
made by any one of the other partners, even if it was not authorized by all of the
partners. So in other words you are responsible and could lose everything you
worked so hard for because of someone else’s mistakes and actions. I do not
recommend this entity for building business credit.

Advantages

Ease of Formation: Just like a S.P. a G.P. is a very easy business entity to from. It
only requires a business license and a DBA filed with state and a partnership
agreement, depending on the state. (If you are going to form a partnership I
recommend you draft up a partnership agreement).

                                                                                    39