

Pass-through tax treatment: All the profits flow directly the through the partners
who report the profits on their personal tax returns.

Less Upkeep and Paper work: There are fewer formalities to keep track of, no
meeting to conduct, and no formal documents to draft up or file except a business
license, DBA statement, and a partnership agreement.

Disadvantages

Personal Liability: The business owners are responsible for all the debts and
obligations of the business, as well as any judgments against the business. This
means your personal assets are not protected in the event of a lawsuit against the
business.

Lack of Continuity: If one of the partners dies or retires the partnership is usually
dissolved and is no longer valid.

Harder to attract funding and money from investors: A G.P. is not attractive to
investors because in the event of a lawsuit, it does not provide much protection for
the owner’s personal assets, or the investor’s investment. A G.P. cannot raise
capital through offering its stock to the public on the open stock market, because it
has no shares of stock. Raising capital is all ways caped off at a very limited
amount. This is because most lending institutions don’t want to deal with risk and
liability of lending money to a high risk business entity. Most Partnerships are
funded by the business owners own funds, which makes them an even greater risk
because in the event the business fails the business owners have more to lose.

Bigger profits means bigger problems: When a G.P. starts to make more profit
the business owners will be taxed at a personal tax rate, which is usually higher
than the corporate tax rate.

Harder to sell: It is harder to sell a G.P. since the value of the business is based on
the owners and not the business.

Unilateral Decision Making: Each individual owner is responsible for all
decisions made by any one of the other owners, even if it was not authorized by all
of the partners.



                                                                                    40