

Limited Partnerships (L.P.’S)

A L.P. has the same basic features as a G.P., except for one very significant
difference. L.P.’S by definition have one or more limited partners, who generally
have neither liability for business activities nor management responsibilities unless
otherwise agreed upon. L.P.’S have one or more General Partners who have the
same rights, responsibilities, and status as the limited partners do in G.P.’S. L.P.’S
are required to have at least one general partner and one limited partner. I do not
recommend L.P.’S because the general partner takes on all the managerial
responsibility and liability of the partnership. So there is no personal asset
protection provided for the general partner. The limited partners who are merely
passive investors do not have managerial powers, and they are only liable for the
amount they have invested in the partnership. Since the Limited Partners have no
managerial powers they have no control over whether the business fails or
succeeds. If a Limited Partner participates in the businesses day-to-day activities
they risk losing their limited liability protection. There is also Family Limited
Partnerships (F.L.P’s) serve the same purpose as the L.P. except all partners of the
partnership are family members. Then there is the Limited Liability Partnership
(L.L.P) the L.L.P serves the same purpose except all partners are Limited Partners.

Unlike G.P.’S, L.P.’S must pay state filing fees and obtain a certificate of limited
partnership. However in return, the general partners gain the ability to attract
investors who would otherwise not have invested in the partnership if they were
subject to the same rules and guidelines that the general partner is subject to.
Although a Limited partnership is a very effective tool for asset protection and
estate planning. I do not recommend this entity for building business credit.

Advantages

Limited Liability: The Limited Partner is not responsible for the actions and
activities of the partnership beyond the amount of their capital contribution or their
contribution obligation as long as the limited partner does not become actively
involved in the partnerships day to day activities.

Pass-through tax treatment: All the profits flow directly through the partners
who report the profits on their personal tax returns.

Financial Flexibility: A Limited Partnership can take on more limited partners to
raise additional capital.

                                                                                   41