

Provides Asset Protection: A Limited Partnership is a very effective tool for asset
protection and estate planning.

Disadvantages

Personal Liability: The general partners are responsible for all the debts and
obligations of the business, as well as any judgments against the partnership.

Lack of Control for the Limited Partners: The limited partners are legally
required not to participate in the management of the business. If they do
participate, they risk losing their limited liability protection.

Bigger profits means bigger problems: When a L.P. starts to make more profit
the business owners will be taxed at a personal tax rate, which is usually higher
than the corporate tax rate.

Limited Liability Companies (LLC’S)


An LLC is a legal entity separate and distinct from its owners, who are called
"members.", these members may be individuals, partnerships, corporations, or
trusts, etc. An LLC is a hybrid between a corporation, which has shareholders, and
partnerships, in which the partners own the company but don't have shares. In an
LLC, the owners of the company receive units, not shares, and the rights, duties
and obligations of LLC members are governed by an "operating agreement." You
can compare an operating agreement to the bylaws of a corporation. An LLC is
like a LP except it does not require one general partner. The liability is limited to
the capital that members have invested in the company. While LLCs have some
formalities they must follow, the rules and requirements are not generally as strict
or burdensome as the formalities that corporations must follow. For example, the
laws do not generally require LLC's to have any annual meetings (although some
LLC operating agreements require meetings - but that’s a choice you make at the
time you are organizing your company). However, it is a good idea for LLC's to
have periodic meetings of its members and managers to discuss significant
business matters. At these meetings, it is also a good idea to have a secretary keep
written records of what took place, including any votes (i.e., there should be
minutes of the meeting). Most states do require some type of filing by the LLC, so
you should check the law of the state your LLC is organized in, as well as any
foreign states in which you have qualified your company. One of the disadvantages

                                                                                  42