

of the distribution, even though the profits were never distributed. Most attorneys
will advise their clients not to take a lien on distributions. Because of charging
orders the owner of an LLC will never be able to build Corporate Credit without a
personal guarantee.

Federal Security Limitations: This is by far the biggest disadvantage of a LLC.
The LLC is only available to privately owned companies. In order for a company
to go public (IPO), it would have to be a C-Corp.

The Company can easily be dissolved: An LLC has perpetual life in most states
but in others they are limited to no more than 30 years. And if a member dies or
for whatever reason no longer wants to be a part of the company, the LLC is
dissolved.

Loss of Pass-Through Tax Treatment: If a LLC does not follow the proper
formalities and it loses its pass-through tax treatment it will be double taxed at a
higher corporate tax rate.

Unresolved Taxation Issues at the State Level: Some states require the LLC to
pay income or franchise tax.

Limited Case studies: Case law backing up the concept is limited.

Corporations

What is a corporation?

“Black Laws dictionary defines a Corporation as: an artificial person a legal entity
created by or under the laws of a state or nation, composed, in some rare instances,
of a single person and his successors, being incumbents of a particular office, but
ordinarily consisting of an association of numerous individuals, who subsists as a
body political under a special denomination, which is regarded in law as having a
personality and existence distinct from that of its several members, and which is by
the same authority, vested with the capacity of continuous succession, irrespective
of changes in its membership, either in perpetuity or for a limited term of years,
and of acting as unit or single individual in matters relating to the common purpose
of the Association, within the scope of the powers and the authorities conferred
upon such bodies by law. A franchise possessed by one or more individuals, who
subsist as a body political, under a special denomination, and are vested by the

                                                                                 47