

policy of the law with the capacity of perpetual succession, and of acting in several
respects, however numerous the associations may be, as a single individual.”

A corporation is a legal person. It has its own “birth certificate,” called a corporate
charter, and its own “Social Security number,” called an Employer Identification
Number. A corporation can buy real estate and other businesses, and it can have
credit. A corporation can even have offspring, in the form of divisions.
Corporations are the most commonly used entity for conducting business. A
corporation is a separate and distinct legal entity. This means that a corporation can
open a bank account, own property sign binding contracts, pay taxes, have certain
constitutional rights, do business under its own name, and otherwise participate in
society. Corporations issue shares of stock to individuals supplying ownership
capital and it issues bonds to individuals lending money to the corporation. The
primary advantage of a corporation is that stockholders or shareholders are not
personally liable for the debts and liabilities of the corporation. For example, if a
corporation looses a lawsuit, and is forced into bankruptcy, the owners will not be
required to pay the debt with their own money. If the assets of the corporation are
not enough to cover the debts, the creditors cannot go after the stockholders,
directors or officers of the corporation to recover any shortfall.

A board of directors manages a corporation, which is responsible for making major
business decisions and overseeing the general affairs of the corporation. Like
representatives in Congress, the stockholders of the corporation elect directors.
Officers are appointed by the board of directors to supervise management.

The only thing a corporation cannot do is think, walk, talk, vote or act for itself.
This is where the owners come into play. A corporation can only act through its
people, and those people are its members, officers, shareholders, or agents. A
corporation cannot have knowledge or belief independent of the knowledge or
belief of its members.

A corporation is a citizen of the state where it was formed and does not cease to be
a citizen of the state where it was formed by engaging in business or acquiring
property in another state. A corporation’s power is derived from the laws and
constitutions of the state in which it was formed.

Corporations receive many tax benefits that are not available to most of the other
entities, such as tax deductions for group accident, health, and retirement plans.


                                                                                    48