

C-Corporation

A C-Corp give provides the most flexibility and still provides limited liability
protection for the officers, shareholders, director’s etc. this protection creates the
corporate veil. A C-Corp allows unlimited number of shareholders that can live
anywhere in the world and be any type of entity. It provides numerous tax benefits
that most of the other entities do not provide. In most cases with the proper
corporate structure C-Corps pay less tax then individuals. The profits from a C-
Corp are taxed at corporate rates on an 1120 tax return that is separate from the
individual tax returns of the shareholders. Profits from a C-Corp can be kept as
retained earnings or distributed to a retirement plan to defer taxes. The ownership
of a C-Corp can easily be transferred. The board of directors of a corporation can
determine their own “corporate year,” which can be used to defer taxes for up to a
year. There are many perks and fringe benefits that are fully deductible; and
shareholders do not have to pay self-employment taxes. The flexibility of this
corporate structure makes asset protection much easier.

The biggest downside to a C-Corp is double taxation. This occurs when the
corporation’s profits are taxed initially, then the dividends that are paid out to
shareholders are taxed at a personal level. Double taxation can easily be avoided
by proper tax planning, retaining the corporation’s profits for future use after they
have been taxed on the corporate level, or deferring the corporation’s profits to a
retirement plan and not dispersing them to the shareholders is a good way to avoid
double taxation. The biggest advantage of a C-Corp is this entity can deduct any
business related expense thus lowering the tax liability for the shareholders. (So as
long as that new car was for business purposes or that night at the stripe club was
with a client, or that new dress with the shoes and purse to match was for a
business event etc.)

Though there are many advantages of a corporation there are some disadvantages
as well. Most corporations have many formalities to follow, such as appointing a
board of director’s, and holding shareholder meetings. If these formalities are not
followed or proper records are not kept the corporate veil can be pierced. Ways to
reduce or minimize the burden of formalities is to form a Close Corporation. So
beside double taxation and formalities C-Corp are the best entity to build corporate
credit on I strongly recommend a C-Corp to build Corporate Credit.




                                                                                   49