

S-Corporations

There are several qualifications that the corporation must meet in order to elect S
corporation status. A corporation must file a 2533, form with IRS to become
classified as an S corporation. The corporation may have no more than 75
shareholders, it may only have individuals, estates or certain trusts as shareholders,
it must be a domestic corporation formed in the U.S.A, and it may not have non-
resident alien shareholders, and it may only have one class of stock. The biggest
advantage of an S-Corp is pass-through tax treatment all the profits flow directly
the through the shareholders, so there is no double taxation. The S-Corp provides
limited liability for its shareholders. S-Corps can own subsidiaries. S-Corps must
conform to state statutory restrictions, which limit the transfer of shares and owner
of the corporation. Companies expecting start-up losses, or companies that do not
expect to issue multiple classes of stock, or do not intend to go public should elect
S-Corp status. All the profits of an S-Corp are taxed even if the profits are not
distributed. An S-Corp requires full disclosure of corporate owners. S-Corps are
subject to the same formalities that C-Corps are subject to. It is possible to avoid
burdensome formalities by opting to become a Close Corporation.

Close Corporation

Under California law if a corporation has 35 shareholders or less the shareholders
can elect to be “Close” Corporation. A Close Corp is formed when the articles of
incorporation state that the corporation elects to be treated as a close corporation
and that there are no more than 35 shareholders. Once a corporation has elected to
become a close corporation, the owners can dispense with many of the corporate
formalities and govern by shareholder resolution. Close Corps are like G.P’S in a
sense that they do not have to adhere to corporate formalities relating to meetings
of director’s in connection with the management of its affairs. This structure is
good for business owners who struggle to maintain many corporate formalities.
One disadvantage the IRS will often disregard the corporation the fact that the
corporation is a close corporation and treat the Corp as a partnership for tax
purposes and for purposes of piercing the corporate veil. Due to uncertainty of
corporate benefits, tax treatment and limited liability, the Close Corp is not the
ideal business structure because of unfavorable treatment by the IRS and other
federal agencies.




                                                                                   50