

Professional Corporation

A professional corporation is a special kind of corporation that only members of
certain professions, such as lawyers, doctors and other healthcare workers, can
create. By forming a professional corporation, professionals can limit their
personal liability for the malpractice of their associates.



International Business Corporation (IBC)

The term international business corporation or IBC refers to a corporation formed
in an offshore financial jurisdiction, which is afforded certain tax advantages and
protection as to the disclosure of its beneficial owner. Depending on the offshore
financial jurisdiction, shareholders of the IBC may remain confidential through the
use of bearer shares. Just as with U.S. corporations, the same person may act as a
shareholder, director, president, agent, or as any other officer within the company.
Generally, however, the beneficial owner(s) will appoint resident officers and
directors for the IBC. Typically an IBC is authorized to do business anywhere in
the world except in its home country where it was incorporated. The IBC may
purchase real estate, cars, businesses, etc. The beneficial owner may act as an agent
of the IBC to purchase assets on its behalf. By this means, assets are held under a
corporate name, thereby helping to protect the beneficial owner's privacy.



Not-for-profit or Non-Profit Corporation

A nonprofit corporation is a corporation formed to carry out a charitable,
educational, religious, literary or scientific purpose. A nonprofit corporation
doesn't pay federal or state income taxes on profits it makes from activities in
which it engages to carry out its objectives. This is because the IRS and state tax
agencies believe that the benefits the public derives from these organizations'
activities entitle them to a special tax-exempt status. The most common federal tax
exemption for nonprofits comes from Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
Code, which is why nonprofits are sometimes called 501(c)(3) corporations.

What are the benefits of forming a nonprofit corporation?



                                                                                  51