

Nonprofit corporations enjoy an exemption from corporate income taxes on profits
from activities that are related to their organizational purpose. Also, a nonprofit is
permitted to raise funds by receiving public and private grant money and donations
from individuals and companies. (And the tax laws encourage people and
businesses to donate money and property by allowing donors to deduct their
contributions on their own tax returns.) Finally, structuring an organization as a
nonprofit corporation protects its directors, officers and members from personal
liability for the corporation's debts and liabilities.

How do I form a nonprofit corporation?

There are several steps you must take to create a nonprofit corporation. The first is
filing the "articles of incorporation," with the corporations division of your state
government. To do this, you'll have to pay a filing fee of $30 or so.

After you file your articles, you must apply for state and federal income tax
exemptions (the most common federal tax exemption comes from Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code), which require you to complete a fairly
lengthy set of forms. You must also write "corporate bylaws," a document that sets
out the rules that govern your corporation, including procedures for making major
business decisions, voting rights and other important guidelines. Finally, before
you start doing business, you must elect a board of directors and hold an initial
meeting of the board.

Is it difficult to run a nonprofit corporation?

Although operating a nonprofit corporation requires some attention to detail, as
long as you understand and follow some basic rules, you'll be fine. The first rule is
to hold required meetings of directors and members and to keep minutes of these
meetings in a corporate records book. The IRS also has a thing or two to say about
what a nonprofit can and cannot do. For instance, a nonprofit cannot make political
lobbying (influencing legislation) a substantial part of its total activities, and a
nonprofit must make sure that its activities don't personally benefit its directors,
officers or members.




                                                                                   52