

Example

Let’s say you buy a five-year-old shelf corporation. You get an EIN number, all
the proper licenses (business license, seller permits, etc.), an office and 4-1-1
listing. You call D&B and get a Duns number, and then they sell you their credit
builder. They tell you that you have to add three trade references that are registered
with D&B.

Finally you get your three trade references and D&B notifies you that they are
doing an investigation on your company. You get a phone call from the D&B
investigator and he asks you the following question:

“Your corporation states that it’s been in business for five years, but when we
looked up your business license and contacted the County Recorder’s Office,
they claim you have been in business for less than one year. Where have you
been for the last four years?”

Then they ask you to provide proof that you’ve been in business for the past five
years. When you can’t provide it, they put in your D&B file that you have been in
business for less than one year, not the five years you claimed. Now the Shelf Corp
was ineffective just a waste of time and money.

What do you do now?

Answer: You need a shelf that has all of the proper documentation to coincide with
the years that it has been on the shelf.

Pay the past years licensing fees

Depending on the city you’re in, you can file for a business license for the shelf
corporation and pay to back date the license to the date of Incorporation. Be
prepared to pay for each year you are back dating the business License. Just tell
the clerk at the county recorder’s office that “you started your business sum years
back, and you didn’t bring in any profit until recently, because you were training,
getting licensed, certified etc. Whatever works best for your line of work.

Although Shelf Corporations are a great way to speed up the process of Corporate
Credit, Leveraged Buyouts are another way to expedite the corporate credit process
they do not require much out of pocket. And after the Leveraged Buyout is
complete you are left with assets and a cash flowing business. And if you follow

                                                                                   54