

the L.B.O guidelines this business should not only give you all the benefits of a
shelf corporation, plus cash flow every month. The only downside to this option is
the L.B.O process takes a while to complete. If you are looking for the fastest way
possible to expedite the corporate credit process, then a Shelf Corporation might be
the way to go for you. But remember there are a lot of scam artist out there. So
before you purchase a Shelf Corporation make sure it has all the items listed above.

There are several other entities available to business owners and since I do not
recommend them for building Corporate Credit I am not going to discuss them.
But in the end I recommend a Corporation for building Corporate Credit.

Here is the Corporate Chain of Command Structure:

Shareholders- (also called stockholders) are the owners of a corporation.
As such, the board of directors and the officers of the company owe a fiduciary
Duty to the shareholders to do what is in their best interest. Specific shareholder
rights are outlined in company bylaws and in state law. Though specific duties and
reporting practices vary from state to state, the shareholders generally vote on the
president, the election of the board of directors and any major changes in the
composition or organization of the corporation. They do not possess any power in
daily decision making.

Directors- are elected by the shareholders to serve one year terms. They create the
long and short-term goals and policies for the corporation. They are also
responsible for appointing and removing officers.

Officers- are appointed by the board of directors to supervise management.
Corporate officers typically consist of the president, vice president, treasurer and
secretary. Optionally, there may be additional positions. Many states allow one
person to hold all of the offices. The authority and responsibilities of each officer
are outlined in the corporate bylaws.

The President
Is usually elected by the Board of Directors and is responsible for carrying out the
orders issued by the Board of Directors.

The Treasurer
Although the Board of Directors will most likely dictate actual financial policies,


                                                                                      55