

Corporate Bylaws

The bylaws of a corporation contain the rules and procedures that govern the rights
and powers of shareholders, directors, and officers. Most lawyers have a prepared
"standard" set of template bylaws that may be modified to meet your company's
specific requirements.
The bylaws are typically adopted by the incorporator or by the board of directors in
the organizational meeting or the written consent in place of the organizational
meeting. This organizational meeting or written consent is the first action taken by
the board of directors in connection with the formation of the corporation.
The bylaws cover the following:

•   The size of the board of directors
•   When and how board meetings are called (including notice)
•   When and how shareholder meetings are called (including notice)
•   Duties and responsibilities of directors and officers
•   Procedures for exercising voting rights
•   Regulation of the transfer of corporate stock
•   Indemnification obligations for officers, directors, and agents, where
    indemnification refers to protection from lawsuits and claims
•   The company's fiscal year
•   General corporate matters

Bylaws generally may be adopted, amended, or repealed by the Board of Directors
or by a vote of the shareholders; and the bylaws may limit the Board's powers in
this respect. Bylaws are more flexible than the articles of incorporation because
they are easier to amend.

Bylaws are a private document not filed with any state authority. Each state has
some form of a Business Corporation Act that governs the lawful operation of
corporations and other business entities. If your bylaws do not cover the basic
requirement for operation and management of your corporation, by default the
statutes within your chosen state's Business Corporation Act will.

Keep this in mind when crafting your company's bylaws. It is always a good idea
to contact a lawyer with specific, and relevant, experience to help.

                                                                                 60