

List of Officers and Directors

Once the Articles of Incorporation have been filed with the Secretary of State, You
must file the List of Officers & Directors by the first day of the second month of
incorporation. Every year following that, you must file a current List of Officers &
Directors for your corporation.

After your business has been incorporated make sure you file your list of officers
with the secretary of state in the state where you’re incorporated. The secretary of
state will mail this list to your resident agent to the address that was used for the
corporation’s resident office for you to fill out and send back to them, you can also
fill it out online at the secretary of state’s website. This list should include the
name and address of the president, secretary, treasurer, and directors of the
corporation. The List of Officers is public record this is why using a nominee
officer for the List of Officers is a good idea.

Remember this list must be sent in no later than 90 days from the date of
incorporation. Note: (Some states have different names for their officers list, for
example in California this list is called a Statement of Information for corporations
and a Statement of Organization for an LLC.

Stock Ledger

The stock ledger allows you to keep an accurate record of stock transactions for
your corporation, and is an essential element of a corporate records book. A stock
ledger is generally included as part of a corporate records kit, and should be
maintained in the corporate records book. Any transaction regarding shares of your
corporation, whether initial issuance of shares or any subsequent transfer, must be
entered in the stock ledger. The stock ledger is also referred to as a stock transfer
ledger or a corporate stock ledger.

Information Recorded in Stock Ledger
The following information is recorded in the stock ledger for each stock
transaction:

•   Stock certificate number;
•   Shareholder name;


                                                                                  61