



Issuing Corporate Stock

A corporation is owned and controlled by its shareholders. The shareholders make
contributions to the corporation in the form of cash, notes, tangible property etc. in
exchange for shares of ownership. When stock is sold, a stock certificate needs to
be issued. The shares they are given are in proportion to the value of the property
they have given. Multiple owners must agree on the value of any contribution that
is not cash. Single owners do not have to worry about the value of non-cash
contributions since they will receive 100% of the issued shares.

In issuing shares to its initial shareholders, the corporation must ensure that it
complies with both state and federal securities laws. These laws apply whenever
you issue "security," such as common or preferred stock. Typically, the issuance of
shares to a small number of founding shareholders qualifies for a "private
placement" type of exception from the registration requirements of securities laws.
But double-check with your lawyer before you proceed.

Any assets put into the corporation will increase the value of the corporation and
each share of the corporation’s stock. To determine the value of a corporation you
must determine the difference between the corporation’s assets and liabilities, add
the value of the goodwill of the corporation then divide that by the number of
shares of the corporation’s stock that are issued.

In the Articles of Incorporation you must state the number of shares of stock the
corporation is authorized to issue and their par value if any. Out of the shares that
the corporation is authorized to issued the corporations directors then decide how
many shares they will issue. A corporation can authorize 1,000,000 shares of stock
to be issued and only issue 1 share of stock and this would make up 100 percent of
the ownership of the corporation since the other 999,999 shares have not been
issued. This is because a corporation’s ownership is based on the number of shares
of stock that have been issued.




                                                                                   66