



                                                   Chapter 5
                                                 Incorporating


“A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible, and existing only in contemplation of law.” John
Marshall


Why Incorporate?

Although incorporating offers many advantages a lot of business owners fail to
incorporate because they think that since their business only consist of just them or
close friends and family they do not need to incorporate. Unfortunately this can be
a business owner’s biggest mistake. Operating as a S.P. or G.P. puts your personal
assets at risk in the event the business fails or loses a lawsuit you personal assets
are not protected. A corporation is a separate entity, the corporation’s debts and
taxes are separate from its shareholders, thus offering personal liability protection.
Let me ask you a question would you walk outside in the freezing snow without
any clothes on? The answer is no. So why would you operate as a S.P. or a G.P.

Every business owner needs personal liability protection for their personal assets.
There are 50,000 new lawsuits filed every week with hundreds of millions in
rewards. Not only does a corporation provide personal liability protection, it has
many tax advantages and is a great tool that can be used to lower your tax liability,
and since it has a perpetual life it is also a great tool for estate planning because a
corporation is not affected by the death or bankruptcy of a shareholder. But wait it
gets better, corporations provide a professional look in the eyes of the public and
potential investors making it much easier to obtain capital. A corporation can buy
products at wholesale saving the company thousands of dollars. Corporations can
also offer shares of stock in the Corp to the public on the open stock market. This
is a good way to raise capital that you do not have to payback, you don’t even have
to pay interest. All you have to pay is 20% to your investment banker and the rest
is profit. A corporation is an artificial person. Its rights, duties and liabilities do not
differ from those of a natural person. A Corporation can open a bank account, sign
biding contracts, and purchase real estate etc. again the only thing a corporation
can’t do is walk, talk, think, and vote. The best part is a corporation will do
whatever you tell it to and it will never talk back to you, steal form you or lie to
you.

                                                                                                                 69