

Where to Incorporate

One of the first decisions a business must make after deciding to incorporate
involves selecting the proper state of incorporation. A corporation is not required
to incorporate in the state of its operations; however, often the best decision is to
incorporate in your home state. Two issues must be weighed to determine the
proper state:

(1) A dollars and cents analysis comparing the costs of incorporating in the state
of operation versus qualifying to do business as a foreign corporation in the state
under consideration and
(2) Determining the advantages and disadvantages of each state's corporate laws
and tax structure.
The decision usually falls between the state in which the business is located or in
Nevada, Delaware, or Wyoming. If the corporation is a closely held corporation
and does business primarily within a single state, a local corporation is typically
preferable. The cost of a local incorporation will usually be less than
incorporating in another state and qualifying to do business as a foreign
corporation in the state. A foreign corporation that qualifies to do business in
another state is subject to taxes and annual report fees from both the state of
incorporation and the qualifying state. Another disadvantage of incorporating
outside of your home state is the possibility of having to defend a lawsuit in
another state.

The laws of the state in which you incorporate can make a tremendous impact.
Make sure that the state in which you incorporate allows your business a range of
flexibility in the management and structure of your company, and a high degree of
favorable tax regulations. A corporation must either be incorporated in the state to
benefit from the laws of the state, or the corporation must qualify to do business in
that state as a “foreign” corporation from another state. Once a corporation
qualifies to do business in a state other than its domicile where it was incorporated,
it must register as a foreign corporation and pay the required fees.

When establishing Corporate Credit, it is important not be red-flagged as a sham
business having a fake storefront or virtual office in Nevada, so it is much better to
incorporate in your home state where you’re headquartered, when it comes to
establishing Corporate Credit. The banks you will be applying to for credit will


                                                                                        71