

much prefer an in state corporation, rather than saying you have Nevada
Corporation with your headquarters in your home state.

Foreign Corporation

A corporation conducting business in one state when incorporated or chartered in
another is considered a foreign corporation.
If your corporation will conduct business in any state or states other than the state
in which it was incorporated, you'll need to determine what qualifications or
registrations are required by the other state or states.


Qualification or registration requirements: Every state requires some sort of
registration or qualification for foreign corporations. Qualification requirements for
foreign corporations vary from state to state, and are regulated by the state's
Secretary of State.
The form required to be filed by foreign corporations is commonly called the
Foreign Corporation Certificate, or the Statement and Designation by Foreign
Corporation, and is mainly a way to provide information about your corporation to
a different state from another state. Most of these statements require the name of
the corporation, the state of corporation, the address of the principal office in the
state of incorporation, and the foreign state, the name and address of the agent for
service of process, and must be dated and signed by a corporate officer.
Some states have strict requirements regarding agents for service of process. Be
sure to check on this. Some states also require that foreign corporations state their
assets and liabilities. Registration or qualification of a foreign corporation must
take place as close as possible to when the corporation starts doing business in
another state. There will be a filing fee for registering as a foreign corporation.

Many states also require a Certificate of Good Standing (also called Certificate of
Authorization or Certificate of Existence) to be filed by a foreign corporation along
with the Statement or Registration described above. These certificates are issued
by a state official of the state of incorporation as evidence that the corporation
exists and is authorized to conduct business in that state.




                                                                                   72