

Consequences of not qualifying or registering: Penalties and other consequences
will apply for failure to qualify and register to do business in another state.
Possible consequences include:

   •   Monetary fines assessed against the corporation;
   •   Monetary fines assessed against the corporation’s agents or officers;
   •   Denial of the right to enforce contracts in the state courts;
   •   Personal liability of the corporation’s officers or agents for the acts of the
       corporation in the state.

State taxation of foreign corporations: The other reason states have for requiring
foreign corporations to register and qualify in their state is to collect taxes from
those corporations. You should determine what state taxes your corporation will be
required to pay in other states in which it will do business.


Why Nevada

Nevada is a very corporate friendly state, with very favorable laws towards
corporations. The biggest advantage that the state of Nevada has over most of the
states in the country is Nevada does not tax the income of its individuals or
corporations. Nor does it require its corporations to pay any franchise taxes,
capital stocks taxes, inventory taxes or taxes on corporate shares. Case law
prevents easy piercing of the corporate veil unless the corporation commits a
fraudulent act. The stockholders are not public record and there is no information
sharing with the I.R.S. Stockholders are not required to live in or hold meetings in
Nevada, meetings can be held anywhere in the world. Only one person is needed to
form a corporation in Nevada and there is no minimum capital required. Nevada
corporations may purchase, hold, sell or transfer shares of its own stock. Nevada
corporations may issue stock for capital, services, personal property, or real estate,
including leases and options. The directors may determine the value of any of these
transactions, and their decision is final. State law prohibits inspection of corporate
records unless the inquirer owns at least 15% of the corporate stock. If an officer or
director of a Nevada corporation does not want to be identified on public record
they do not have to be listed. Instead, they can use a nominee, someone other than
themselves, to serve as the director and all officers, thus maintaining their privacy.




                                                                                   73