

Why Wyoming

   •   Unlimited ability to issue stock—Most states set a limit on the number of
       shares that you are authorized to issue; Not so in Wyoming! You may issue
       as many shares as you wish (without any additional costs or fees) by simply
       making the proper entries in your Articles of Incorporation. Unlimited shares
       may be of paramount importance to you in particular, if you ever
       contemplate taking your company public.

   •   You can be everything in Wyoming—Some states require that you have
       more than one person to serve as the various officers and directors of your
       corporation. Again, not so in Wyoming! One person can fill all of the
       required corporate positions giving you the ultimate flexibility and control.

   •   Privacy in Wyoming—The more information about you that appears in the
       public record the easier it is for you to become a target. Wyoming has no
       requirement for the names of shareholders to be filed with the state. It asks
       only for a simple "Annual Report" which requires disclosure of only those
       assets located within the state of Wyoming and the name of one person,
       usually the one who submits the report.

   •   Restrictions and corporate formalities are at an absolute minimum in
       Wyoming—If you would like less "red tape", bureaucracy and restrictions
       in your business life Wyoming is the place for you!

   •   Low annual fees—The annual fees in Wyoming are based solely on the
       value of corporate assets located within the state. The minimum is $50 and a
       million dollars worth of assets within the state of Wyoming would cost you
       only $200. That’s right, $200 in fees for every million dollars worth of assets
       that you keep within the state of Wyoming and no fees for assets outside of
       the state.

   •   As an officer or director you cannot be held responsible for the debts of
       the corporation—Wyoming law is quite strong in this respect and holds
       generally that as long as you did not intentionally break the law you are
       protected from claims against the corporation.

   •   No minimum capitalization is required in Wyoming—You can fund your
       corporation with one dollar, with a million dollars or the amount of your
       choice. And, while there are sound business reasons of avoiding "under

                                                                                   74