

       capitalization" the point is that the choice is yours and you enjoy the
       ultimate in flexibility.

   •   Directors and/or shareholders meetings may be held anywhere in the
       world—You are not required to hold meetings in Wyoming; indeed you
       need never set foot within the state. Wyoming is rich in history and
       breathtaking scenery but if your tastes run more to the Bahamas, Hawaii or,
       for that matter, the French Riviera the choice is yours.

   •   Stock in a Wyoming corporation may be issued in exchange for
       "anything of value"—You may use cash of course but also property,
       services or any valuable consideration at the total discretion of the board of
       directors, which can be one person (you?).

   •   Maximum anonymity—Nevertheless, in today’s overly litigious society it
       is a fact of business and personal life that the only thing necessary to involve
       you in a lawsuit is the perception by someone else that you have
       assets…you’ve heard it called the "deep pocket theory." Many business
       people have found it advantageous to maintain financial privacy simply to
       avoid looking like a good litigation "target." In Wyoming you may use
       "nominee officers/directors" meaning that anyone you designate can appear
       on the public record instead of yourself offering you valuable financial
       privacy. Furthermore, you may also be interested in using nominee or "third
       party" shareholders who can be the owners of record of the stock, which you
       control. Ask us how to explain the endless possibilities for privacy using the
       foregoing two strategies.

   •   Lifetime proxy—John D. Rockefeller was the first individual to acquire a
       personal net worth of one billion dollars. When asked late in life how he
       accomplished such a feat he is reported to have shared with a young
       interviewer that his simple secret was to "own nothing and control
       everything." That is indeed wonderful advice for a host of reasons (consider,
       no one can take from you that which you do not own) but it is sometimes
       more easily said than done. By allowing another person or entity to own
       shares you can use proxies to maintain complete control. The problem is that
       most state laws require proxies to expire and be subsequently renewed every
       six or seven years. If the "legal owner" declined to renew your proxy you
       could be literally be left with nothing and no recourse. That is hardly a
       scenario that makes us neither feel secure nor is it one that we would

                                                                                    75