

6. For companies doing business outside of Delaware, there is no corporate income
tax.
7. Delaware has no sales tax, personal property tax or intangible property tax on
corporations.
8. No taxation upon shares of stock held by non-residents and no inheritance tax
upon non-resident holders.
9. A corporation may keep all of its books and records outside of Delaware.
10. You may have a principal place of business/address outside of the State of
Delaware as well.

Selecting the Right Name for Your Corporation

Generally, a corporation can be named almost anything with few exceptions, as
long as the name is not already taken by another corporation within the state. The
name cannot be misleading or deceptive to the public. The name of the corporation
is restricted by the professional category such as Medical or law practice. The
name cannot use words like “Trust”, “Trustee”, “Bank”, or any other similar names
unless the corporation is licensed or approved by the state regulators as a company
doing that type of business. If a corporation is named after a person then the name
of the corporation may be required to include incorporation or Inc. after the name.
Keep in mind if you are trying to protect assets and privacy is important to you
then naming a corporation, trust or any other entity for that matter after yourself or
any other family member is generally not a good idea. Make sure you pick a
neutral name one that does not limit you such as "Larry's Typing Service," or
"John’s Catering Service," a good name that is neutral would be XYZ Enterprises
Inc. or ABC Incorporated, neutral names allow your company to sell or do just
about anything. Make sure to have a few names in mind just in case your name is
not available. Contact us today to see if your name is available (888)817-8222

Ask 500 people already in business how they decided upon their business name
and you will get 500 different answers. Everyone has a story behind how they
chose their corporations name. Even if the business is named after the owner’s
birth name, there's a reason why this was done.

When you form a corporation, in a sense, you are causing a new birth to begin.
This new birth was created from an idea alone by you or your associates. It will
have its own bank account, its own federal identification number, its own credit
accounts, its own income and its own bills. On paper, your corporation is another


                                                                                   78