

individual! Just as if you were choosing a name for your own unborn child, you
need to spend considerable time in deciding upon your corporation’s name.

There are several reasons why a good business name is vitally important to your
corporation. The first obvious reason is because it is the initial identification to
your customers. No one would want to do business with someone if they didn't
have a company name yet. This makes you look like an amateur who is very
unreliable. Even if you call your company "John’s Catering Service," a company
name has been established and you are indeed a company. People will therefore
feel more comfortable dealing with you.

Secondly, a business name normally is an indication as to the product or service
you offer. "Larry's Typing Service," "Karate Club for Men," "Jim-Dandy Jack-of-
all-Trades," "Laurie and Steve's Laundry," "Missy’s Gift Boutique and "Star 1
Publishers" are all examples of simple business names that immediately tell the
customer what product you offer.

However, most people will choose the simple approach when naming their
business. They use their name, their spouse's name, their children's names or a
combination of these names when naming a business. The national hamburger-
restaurant chain "Wendy's" was named after the owner's daughter. However,
research has proven that these "cutesy" names are not the best names to use for a
business. Many experts claim that it makes the business look too "mom-and-pop-
ish." However, this depends on the business. If you are selling something that
demands this mood or theme to appeal to your market, it's best to use this
approach.

Personally, I am inclined to name my Corporation’s with catchy names that stick in
people's heads after we have initially made contact. Names like,
"Sensible Solutions," "Direct Defenders," "Moonlighters Ink," "Printer's
Friend," "Strictly Class," "Collections and Treasures," and "Starlight on
Twilight" are all good examples of catchy names. These types of names relate to
your product or service but serve as a type of slogan for your corporation. This is a
big help when marketing.

A friend I know owns a business called "Mint and Pepper." He grows and sells his
own line of raw seasonings to people in the local area. At a get-together for small
businesses, he passed out his business card. The card had a peppermint candy
glued on the back and the slogan read: "Your business is worth a mint to us." This

                                                                                  79