

marketing concept not only got my friend noticed and remembered, but brought in
several large orders for the business.

When you name a child, you may not decide upon a definite name until after they
are born. You do this because a name is sometimes associated with a type of
personality. When you name a Corporation you may need to wait until you have a
product or service to sell and then decide upon a name before going into the
business itself because your business name should give some clue as to what
product or service you are selling. A corporation named "Joe's Collections"
normally wouldn't sell car parts and a corporation named "Charlie Horse" would
not sell knitting supplies.

To generate ideas - begin looking at business signs everywhere you go.
Notice which ones catch your eye and stick in your mind. Try and figure out "why"
they stuck in your mind. Naturally, the business "Dominos Pizza" sticks in your
mind because it is nationally known. These don't count!

Look around and notice the smaller businesses. Take your time. Within a few days
you should be able to come up with a few potential names for your corporation.

Then, when you finally find a few names you really like - try reciting them to other
people and get their opinion. It won't be long before your corporation has the
proper name that will carry it through its life!

Mail Order Hint:
Try to avoid very long names so they will fit into small display ads.
Amalgamated International Enterprises can be easily presented as AIE, which is
easier and shorter to spell.

Corporations generally have a distinct name. Historically, some corporations were
named after their membership: for instance, "The President and Fellows of Harvard
College." Nowadays, corporations in most jurisdictions have a distinct name that
does not need to make reference to their membership. In Canada, this possibility is
taken to its logical extreme: many smaller Canadian corporations have no names at
all, merely numbers (e.g., "1234567 Ontario Limited").
In most countries, corporate names include the term "Corporation", or an
abbreviation that denotes the corporate status of the entity. Certain jurisdictions do
not allow the use of the word "company" alone to denote corporate status, since

                                                                                   80