

                                           Chapter 6
                               Business Credit Reporting Agencies


“Avoid speaking with the business credit agencies at all cost. Communicate with them through fax and email this
way they can’t trip you up with questions you are not prepared to answer.” Reginald Ringgold




There are 6 main business credit-reporting agencies, D&B, Experian, Equifax,
Client Checker, BusinessInsight/FDInsight, and Business Credit U.S.A./Info
U.S.A. The 2 main credit-reporting agencies that most companies use are D&B and
Experian. Remember with any of the credit-reporting agencies keep in mind, that
private information is privately held. You must decide whether or not to provide
financial information to the credit agencies. If you're asked by any of the business
credit reporting agencies for financials and you do not feel comfortable doing so,
just let them know that they are not available at this time (If you do not provide
your financials to Dun & Bradstreet a 2 is the highest composite credit appraisal a
company can receive. For more info got to the D&B Rating Interpretation Table in
the appendix).

Dun & Bradstreet (D&B)

D&B is by far the world's largest business credit reporting agency, and has been
the leading source of business information and insight since it was founded in New
York City in 1841 as the Mercantile Agency, the world's first business information
provider. The current D&B Corporation was formed upon the separation of
Moody's Corporation on September 30, 2000. Over 100 million businesses are
registered with D&B.

D&B Checklist

When it comes time to contacting D&B I recommend that you do not do it
over the phone. Try to avoid talking to them over the phone at all costs.
Instead, contact them by fax or email. This way you don’t have to worry
about saying the wrong thing, or them tripping you up with questions that you
are not prepared to answer correctly. Before you apply to D&B for a Duns
Number, you should (but are not required to) have the following:



                                                                                                                  82