

Applying for a Duns Number

D&B provides businesses with a separate unique nine-digit identification number
that is used to track and rate your business credit profile. Your Duns number is
asked for when applying for lines of credit, and with some credit card and leasing
companies. Most banks and lending institutions will ask for your Duns number.
The U.S. Government requires a DUNS Number before granting any grants or
government contracts. Once your Corporation is set up and has been issued a
Federal Tax ID number, you can apply for your Duns number online at
http://www.dnb.com. Obtaining a Duns number is free and takes a couple weeks to
about two months. If you want to expedite this process D&B offers a credit
building service where they build your business credit profile, the normal process
for obtaining a Duns Number takes 30 days, to expedite this process you can go
through D&B’s Credit Builder program. This service is ideal for businesses that
need to establish their credit rating. This program will shorten the normal thirty
day process for obtaining a Duns Number to within five business days. This
program builds a full credit profile, and assigns a basic set of D&B scores and
ratings that potential creditors can view.

If you want a Paydex score to be assigned to your company, then the CreditBuilder
Plus is ideal for your business. This service helps businesses establish their credit
rating and past payment behavior. CreditBuilder Plus assigns you with a D-U-N-S
Number and provides your company with a full D&B credit file, including a D&B
PAYDEX score, which can help accelerate the decision process when you're trying
to obtain a loan or make purchases on credit. Be prepared to give them the names
and phone number of five up to six vendors with whom you have credit terms.
D&B will then contact the vendors and get the credit information from them. This
program allows your business 30 days to add up to six trade references. Make
sure you have notified the vendors and have gone over what they will say before
you give their names to D&B. To get a D&B Rating, you must also provide
information from your balance sheet, company history, officers, etc. The D&B
CreditBuilder Plus service currently will cost you $599.00.

D&B also has another program called the CreditBuilder Premium, this program
gives you the same benefits as the CreditBuilder & CreditBuilder Plus in addition
this program allows your business12 months to add an unlimited number of trade
references. The D&B Credit Builder Premium program currently cost $799


                                                                                  84