

(BE VERY CAREFUL USING THESE SERVICES!). Ever heard of the
expression you only get one first impression. This is no understatement when it
comes to Dun & Bradstreet. You only get one chance to give the correct
information. Normally it takes 30 days to receive your Duns Number but you can
pay a fee to expedite the process.

What's a Business Credit Profile?

Your business credit profile is your businesses credit report, or your businesses
resume; some say your business plan is your businesses resume and I do not
disagree, but your business credit profile contains critical information that other
businesses will use when deciding whether, and on what terms, to do business with
you. The credit profile created by D&B is created using information provided by
the business owners and vendors of the business which is put into the Duns right
system to check for accuracy, which then grants a Paydex score and a Duns Rating
to businesses based on the payment experiences and the financials of the business.
With the global data collection system D&B continually gathers the data that
initiates the creation of business credit profiles on new companies. Many kinds of
activities can trigger a profile on a new company, such as incorporating your
business, applying for a loan, getting a business telephone number, taking out a
lease on office space, even just if another company seeks information from D&B
about your business. But still, a new business may not have a complete business
credit profile. Like a personal resume, it's important that the information in your
profile is complete, accurate and timely. It is true no one knows your business
better than you and your business partners. You might have a thriving and
profitable business, but when doing business with other companies, often what
matters most is what is documented in the credit profile they receive from Dun &
Bradstreet on your company. Most companies want a complete and unbiased view
of who you are (and how risky it might be to work with you). Paydex scores and
business credit reports give companies that want to do business with your company
a fast, objective measurement of your credit risk.

D&B’s Different Business Credit Reports

D&B has three levels of reports to choose from:
The Credit eValuater Report: for low risk credit decisions
The Business Information Report: for medium-risk credit decisions

                                                                                85