

your profile? If so you are missing out on a key opportunity to get the credit you
deserve for paying your bills on time. After conducting a large volume of business
you should check your profile twice a year, to make sure that all vendor payment
relationships are reporting to Dun & Bradstreet and all other business credit
reporting agencies.

Keeping your personal finances in good order. If you are the owner of an
emerging business, until your company develops a good business credit profile of
its own, perspective creditors may always review your consumer credit profile.
Some creditors require anyone who owns 10% or more of the business to have a
personal fico score of 680 or better. How well you manage your personal finances
can impact your company's credit worthiness. Keep in mind your business and
your personal ratings are separate and distinct. One is not used to directly impact
the other.

Keeping your debt financing down. The capital structure of your business, that
is the extent to which you use equity or debt to finance your operations, is an
important determinant of your credit worthiness. If other companies see a lot of
debt on your balance sheet, whether in absolute terms or relative to your
competitors, they are less likely to extend credit as you pose a greater risk of
default. Make sure your business has a modest debt-to-asset ratio of 60/40 or
better.

Contributing to your own profile. Some credit managers prefer detailed reports
with a lot of supporting information, enabling them to access risk. Communicating
as much information about your business as you can to Dun & Bradstreet assures a
more robust report. Likewise, doing business with companies that you know
frequently report their experiences to D&B builds your profile.


Keep an eye on the key financial indicators in your own report to see how they
compare to other companies in your industry. In doing so, you can benchmark
yourself, identify areas for improvement and is sure to lead a sure they profile with
adequate information for satisfactory credit investigation.




                                                                                 101