

D-U-N-S Right

D&B'S global commercial database contains more than 100 million business
records. A proprietary process called DUNS Right, which transforms the
enormous amount of data collected daily into decision-ready insight, enhances the
database. Through D&B’s worldwide network businesses gain access to the
world's largest and highest quality global commercial business information
database. Duns Right is a system of quality assurance including over 2,000
automated and manual checks in five consecutive quality drivers that make sure
that the profile is accurate and as comprehensive as possible. D&B has created a
proprietary set of key ratings and scores that use information gathered from these
sources to present an unbiased view of creditworthiness. A complete D&B
business credit report includes the following proprietary scores and ratings:

The following steps are taken by Dun & Bradstreet when investigating your
company to compile a business credit report.

   n Check the date that you were incorporated
   n Check the state of your Corporation with the secretary of state in which you
     file
   n Look to see if you, any nominees, or listed officers of the Corporation had
     been listed or named in any other corporations that have been issued Duns
     numbers and the current status of those corporations.
   n Check to see if your corporation has a business license and the date that it
     was issued.
   n Check to see if your business phone, fax, and address are listed in the
     Business Directory (411).
   n Check out your business address to see if it is a home or brick and mortar
     style office building with a name strip in the lobby directory.
   n They will base the number of employees on the square footage of your
     office. (So it is important to be honest)
   n Then they check your trade references to make sure they are in good
     standings and that the report to D&B.




                                                                              102