

To get a high PAYDEX score, you need 5 vendors that will give you corporate
credit. You need 5 vendors who will report positive payment experiences to
D&B. You need to pay your vendors 15 days in advance.
A common mistake most business owners make when obtaining corporate credit is
thinking a good paydex score will qualify the corporation for a loan. A good paydex
score is only one piece to the puzzle. The paydex score is one of many factors a
bank looks at when determining to grant a business loan. Just because your
corporation has an 80 paydex score that certainly does not demonstrate the
corporation’s “financial capacity” to repay a large loan. This is where the Duns
Rating, Financial Stress Score, and Commercial Credit Score come into
consideration.



D-U-N-S Rating

A Duns rating has various rating schedules, but overall is an assessment of your
businesses creditworthiness and viability. D&B issues a DUNS Rating based on
location, Years in business, the employee size, and the financial statements of the
business. It also takes into account payment history.
The highest Duns Ratings are reserved for companies who:

         1. Have been in business for 5 or more years.
         2. Have a net worth of over $1 M.
         3. Have 50 employees or more.
         4. Have their business based in the same state as the officers.
         5. Address and phone in the business name with live operators.
         6. Multiple branch locations.
         7. Have a physical address.
         8. Pay bills on time


Again these are characteristics that businesses that receive the highest Duns
ratings have. Corporate Credit Association INC is not recommending that
you necessarily do any of these things. But if you happen to have the
characteristics, it may result in a higher Duns rating from D & B.

The 5A to HH ratings reflect company size based on net worth or equity as
computed by D&B. These ratings are assigned to businesses that have supplied


                                                                               104