

Equifax

Through an exclusive agreement with the small business financial exchange, Inc., a
nonprofit association comprised of leading national and regional financial
institutions, Equifax provides access to banking and leasing information on small
businesses. Advanta Corp., Amsouth, Bank of America, capital one Wachovia,
Wells Fargo, and United Association of Equipment Leasing are a few of the
members of the small business financial exchange. Equifax’s reports allow you to
verify business information, determine whether there are any outstanding
bankruptcies, judgments or liens on that company, and review a company’s
existing financial obligations (including bank loans, leases, supplier’s invoices and
utility services). You can also use Equifax’s Small Business Credit Risk Score,
which helps you make an objective determination about credit risk. To use this
service you’ll pay a membership fee, plus an additional charge per report. To get
more familiar with the Equifax business credit report go to Equifax’s website:
www.equifax.com/sitepages/biz/smallbiz/ under small business credit reports
sample.

Client Checker

Client Checker is the credit agency for freelance professionals or, small businesses
and self-employed individuals, and other business-to-business vendors. Client
Checker provides business credit reports and other credit information that small
businesses and self-employed individuals can use to make quick decisions about
working with other companies. Client Checker's database contains information
provided by other small businesses and self-employed individuals that are
registered users who share their trade experiences. Payment data is also collected
from users of Billing Tracker, both agreed to anonymously share their trade
payment experiences (late pay, slow pay, etc.). Users can search for a specific
company by company name, geographic location, or any other attributes.

The Aggregated business credit report shows how promptly a given client
company pays its bills.

This report lists the number of reports of non-payments of bills and also the
average number of days that bills are paid late. Just like Dun & Bradstreet and
Experian Client Checker has a unique score called the PayQuo. The PayQuo score

                                                                                 111