



                                          Chapter 7
                                   The Seven Steps to Success
                                 (The Corporate Credit Process)


“If you do not give up on establishing Corporate Credit you cannot fail” Reginald Ringgold



This chapter assumes you've already been in business for 2-3 years, whether you
started the business yourself or acquired an existing business from another party.
It assumes you have already protected yourself through Incorporating. Now
what’s next? How do you obtain the financing you need for your business? How
do you acquire automobile leases, credit cards, and lines of credit with no personal
guarantee? The following section will walk you step by step through critical steps
needed to gain financial credibility to establish corporate credit to get almost
anything you need with no personal guarantee! This process may seem very
simple to you because there are only seven basic steps involved. However keep in
mind the implementation of these steps can get difficult, so it is important to
approach these steps in the order that they are soon below, and with a great deal of
preparation, if not your business could end up red-flagged and marked high risk.

Let's go over the seven steps:
   1. Hire a good professional team, incorporate, apply for F.E.I.N number,
      and be in compliance: file officers list, minutes, meetings, by-laws,
      resolutions, seals, business licenses, D.B.A’s & permits. Be in business
      for at least 2 years & be current on all filing Fees, license fees, and taxes
      etc.

    2. Obtain a Web address, E-mail address, and a Physical Address in a
       brick and mortar style office building with your name strip in the lobby
       directory.

    3. Obtain a local phone, fax and 800#. Make sure your phone & fax are
       listed in the Business Directory (411). Have a live operator answering
       your phones between the hours of 9-5. Obtain Corporate Identity: logo,
       company stationary, company letter head, business cards, brochures
       etc.

                                                                                             115