

   4. Have a seasoned business bank reference (2-3 years) with at least a low
      five figure daily balance (no less than $10,000).

   5. Prepare two years financial statements and tax returns; have them
      Audited and re-prepared by CPA.

   6. Apply for DUNS number.

   7. Establish five trade references that report positive payment experiences
      to D&B and five credit cards/cash lines that report positive payment
      experiences to Experian.

Again, this sounds deceptively simple, but of course the seven simple steps are
overwhelming in their implications. For example step one is a task in itself since
most businesses don't make it past their second year in business. And step 4 can be
quite difficult since the average person can’t get their hands on $10,000.

$tep #1

Hire a good Professional Team. It has been said that hiring a good professional
team is the best thing you can do for business or personal asset planning. The
money you spend on a good team, will more than pay for itself, and the accountant,
attorney, and financial advisor will share with you the ways that you can
personally take advantage of your corporate status. And, if that wasn't enough, the
cost for their services is a 100% write off on your taxes!

Incorporate: your business, form a separate entity preferably a C-Corp. This
attracts more investors and gives off the image of a larger corporation with more
employees, which is needed to obtain the highest Paydex score with Dun &
Bradstreet. After your business has been incorporated make sure you file your list
of officers with the secretary of state in the state where you’re incorporated. The
secretary of state will mail this list to your resident agent to the address that was
used for the corporation’s resident office for you to fill out and send back to them,
you can also fill it out online at the secretary of state’s website. This list must be
sent in no later than 90 days from the date of incorporation. Note: (Each state
varies with their time frames, to find out the web address for the S.O.S where you
have incorporated your business put in secretary of state then the name of the state
in a search engine for example secretary of state Nevada. This list has to be sent in

                                                                                  116