

every year for your corporation Note: (Some states have different names for their
officers list, for example in California this list is called a Statement of Information
for corporations and a Statement of Organization for an LLC.

For states that require you to provide the address for the corporation on the
officer’s list, do not file the officer’s list (statement of information) until you are
sure on the address of the business. If the state does require an address then file the
statement of information at the end of Step 2. If you do file the statement of
information before you are sure on the address you will be forced to amend the
statement of information because of the address change. If you do not amend the
statement of information to reflect the new address then your corporation will be
out of compliance because of informational discrepancies which can lead to a high-
risk status hindering your ability to obtain financing for the corporation.

Apply for F.E.I.N. (federal employer identification number) you can request a tax
ID number at the IRS website at http://sa1.www4.irs.gov/sa_vign/newformss4.do
You need a tax ID number for business credit, even if you don't have employees. If
anonymity and asset protection is the reason for incorporating your business then
giving your social security number is not a good idea when applying for an EIN
because it eliminates the privacy. A good way to avoid giving a SSN when filling
out the SS4 form for your EIN would be to give an EIN from another company.
CCA offers this service for our clients. (Note that you must apply for your EIN
before you apply for your business License, if it is not done in this order then you
will be required to give your social security number and this is not recommended.)

Be in compliance: this means keeping and maintaining corporate records such as:
articles and bylaws, Minutes for meetings of decision-making, minutes of any
resolutions decisions beyond normal operations, corporate seals etc. File a D.B.A
Fictitious Business name statement with the county recorder’s office. (If the D.B.A
is for a parent corporation it will be doing business as itself. If the D.B.A is for a
division then it will be filed under the parent corporation doing business as the
name of the division. Be current on all filing Fees with the secretary of state,
license fees, and taxes. For more assistance with getting your business in
compliance call us toll free at (888)817-8222

Have been in business for at least 2-3 years. This does not mean you have to
have been incorporated for 2-3 years; you could have been operating as a sole

                                                                                   117