

proprietor, or a partnership. You just have to have been in business with a business
license or EIN for least 2-3 years. Be current on all filing Fees, license fees, and
taxes etc.

Option #1
Purchase a shelf corporation
A shelf corporation, also called Aged Corporation, is a Corporation that has had no
activity. It was created and put on the "shelf" to age. This corporation is then sold
to someone who would prefer to have an aged corporation rather than a new one.

Option #2
Find a financial backer, someone whose only interest in the company is financial.
Use their resources and form a Joint venture with the Financial Backer. This will
provide whatever your business lacks (More information on financial backers and
finding Financial Partners in the following sections)

$tep# 2

Have a physical address: that means no P.O. boxes, private Mail Boxes. The
businesses (head quarters) main office must be in a brick and mortar office
building with a sign outside or a name strip in the directory in the lobby. Make sure
the exact same business address is used for your DUNS report, secretary of state,
the yellow pages listings and phone number as well as on business licenses and
company credit cards that you will be applying for later. The more the locations the
business has the better, Dun & Bradstreet will come by and do a physical
inspection of the work site so it is important not to cut any corners when it comes
to implementing this step. I also say no to Mail Boxes, PO boxes etc. because
when establishing corporate credit you want to project an image of a mature and
established business, so make sure your corporation's physical presence is
consistent with that of an established business. The mailing address of your
business can be different than your physical address. The mailing address can be a
PO Box, mail drop, or virtual office, but you must always designate it as "mailing".
Now this does not mean you have to purchase some huge commercial real estate
office building, or rent an extravagant office complete with full staff. Renting or
subleasing a small office space from any other business that has offices available
will do just fine. There are companies that offer leases and subleases for executive
suites and small office spaces anywhere from 450 square feet and up, prices vary

                                                                                 118