

depending on the square footage and location of the office. D&B will base the
number of employees on the square footage of your office. So make sure your
office can accommodate at least 10 employees because at least 10 employees are
needed to obtain the highest Paydex score. For an extra fee a lot of these
companies offer resources such as a conference room, a receptionist that will
answer your phone, forward your phone calls, and all other amenities that come
with a typical office. Once you find the office make sure your business is listed in
the business Yellow Pages. Remember the more locations, the better. To meet this
requirement you can use your “Executive Suite” as the main office and your home
address as another branch location.


The physical address must meet the following requirements:

   •   Must be a physical location
   •   Cannot be a PO box, mail drop, or virtual office
   •   Cannot be shared with any other business
   •   If using an office suite, you must have a lease agreement and have no other
       business listed at your suite number. Not all office suite set-ups will be
       acceptable to the business credit bureaus.
   •   If your business is home based, I recommend signing a lease agreement
       between the business and the individual who owns the home to maintain the
       separation between the business and your personal life.

       Have a Web address and E-mail address: There are several key factors for
       maintaining a positive business image. For the credit markets, you must
       project and maintain the image of a thriving and professional business that
       pays its debts and pays on time. No successful established business would
       fail to operate without a website or e-mail address. If you don't already have
       a website look into getting one not, just for establishing Corporate Credit,
       but because without a website you're losing out on business to your
       competitors that do have a website. Again just as I said with the office this
       doesn’t mean paying tens of thousands of dollars for a website with all the
       bells, whistles, and flash screens, nor does it mean a rinky-dink homemade
       website (unless that's all your budget can afford). A website with diversity
       good graphics and a few pages such as: home, services, products, about us,
       and contact us will do just fine. The website should have the same office
       address and contact information that you give to Dun & Bradstreet. Your
       business email address must include your business name. Banks, Vendors

                                                                                 119