

You should assume that credit grantors will always check with directory assistance
to verify the phone and address. This means:

   • Your company’s phone number and address must be listed with directory
     assistance under the same business name as is on the business license.
   • DBA's should also be listed with directory assistance. Phone companies will
     usually allow more than one listing under a phone number.
   • Your company’s main phone number cannot be a cell phone number. (You
     can forward your land line number to a cell phone and your toll free number
     can be forwarded to your land line).
   • Your company’s phone number must coincide with the city's area code in
     which the business is located and the business license is filed.
   • The phones must be answered in the name of the business listed with the
     credit bureaus at all times.
   • Have a Live operator answering the telephones between the hours of 9-5. It
     is not recommended to use a voicemail as the main format for answering
     your business phone unless it’s after business hours.
   • Voicemails must state the name of the business.

Corporate Identity: Yes your company needs stationary, company letter head,
and business cards etc., it helps to have a logo and brochures.

$tep# 4

Have a seasoned business bank reference: you need at least one seasoned
business bank reference that is at least 2 years old, with a low five-figure average
daily balance. A low five-figure average daily balance is $10,000 or more at all
times in the account. Now this does not mean, if you don't have a five figure
balance you won't get corporate credit. It just means it will slow up the process,
and make things a little more difficult. With a high four-figure balance you can
still get credit you just won't be able to get the higher credit lines that are reserved
for businesses that maintain a low five-figure balance. Also banks record your
opening balance the bigger the deposit the more important they will consider your
corporation. If you have a personal savings or some money put to the side, place
that money into your business checking account and let it sit for a while. This will
give the appearance to companies pulling your business profile that your
company has financial stability. For businesses that are just opening an account,
and do not have the capital to put a large deposit up for their opening balance, even

                                                                                    121