

if you need to borrow the money for a couple weeks to deposit it then withdraw it
and return it to the source that it came from, do whatever you can to deposit as
much as you can for your opening balance. You will notice the difference in the
way the bank treats you based on the size of your opening balance, and the
businesses average daily balance. And last but not least business funds and
personal funds must be separate. It does not matter how much is in the personal
account you just must keep it separate from the business.

What if I don't have a low five-figure balance or 2-3 year history?

Grab a ski mask and Rob the bank just kidding!! Do not rob the bank that was just
a joke. You'd be surprised at the things people do when you tell them to do it.
You have a few options if you do not have a low five-figure balance or a 2-3 year
history.

Option #1
TEN MILLION IN THE BANK IN AS LITTLE AS 4 WEEKS
(OWN YOUR OWN TEN MILLION DOLLAR CORPORATION)

It is important to form your corporation in a state where the state law allows you to
assign any "par-value" to your stock as you like, even though there are no assets to
back up your valuation. Thus, it is possible to assign a par value of $1 each to
10,000,000 shares of stock and list it in your book as "assets." You can then take
the $10,000,000 in shares of stock and deposit them in an Operating Investment
Account with a bank that offers this service. Applying this strategy enables your
business to provide a bank reference with an eight figure balance on deposit at all
times. It's strictly a paper ploy but can be used in a number of situations to enhance
your image among other prospective lenders, investors, business partners etc. By
appearing wealthy you can swing many deals and make friends with people in
higher positions of power. For more assistance please call us toll free at (888)817-
8222

Option #2
I am sure you have a personal checking account in which you write checks and
pay bills. More than likely you may pay bills online. Since your business checking
account is brand new, pay some of your bills through your business checking
account in order to generate account activity. Companies need to see a decent
balance and or account activity. Now I know this completely contradicts my

                                                                                  122