

earlier statement of keeping your business finances separated from your
personal. But as long as you have a personal account with money in it (No set
amount) you should be fine. But I do not recommend applying this strategy for
longer than 6 months just till the company can generate activity on its own.

Option #3
The following is a story about Sally.

Sally is trying to obtain financing for her business, but the only thing stopping her
is she has only had her business checking account for one year. Fortunately she
has had her personal checking account for over 10 years. She applies one of my
techniques she learned at one of my boot camps. She goes down to the bank where
she has her personal checking account and hands them a D.B.A statement (“ doing
business as”) or a fictitious business name statement showing that she is personally
doing business under her business name. By doing so she now can use her
personal account with the D.B.A along with her other business account that she has
had for one year, on her financial statement, trade sheet, and bank reference sheet.
When the lending institution goes to verify the account, they will see that the
personal/business account has been open for 10 years.

(Note: Once you add the DBA to your personal account you must open a new
personal account. Because you do not want to comingle corporate funds with
personal funds.)

(Beware using a D.B.A or fictitious business name on your personal account,
leaves you wide open for the piercing of the corporate veil.) But this should not
be an issue in the beginning, when establishing corporate credit. Because a lot of
times there aren't very much assets to protect, but when you get the wealth do
everything in your power to preserve it. (When applying for a bank account with a
corporation that has been formed for anonymity and asset protection giving your
social security number is not a good idea. To avoid giving your SSN when opening
your corporate account open a non-interest bearing account these account do not
require a SSN, more on asset protection in the protecting your assets chapter.)

Option #4
If you have a business account from another business that is not in a high-risk or
restricted industry (for more info on restricted industries refer to the survival tips

                                                                                  123