

chapter) with a 2-3 year history and a low five figure balance, then it is possible to
add a division to your business bank account most banks will allow up to 3-4
divisions per account.

Option #5
Find a financial backer, someone whose only interest in the company is financial.
Use their resources and form a Joint venture with the Financial Backer. This will
provide whatever your business lacks (More information on financial backers and
finding Financial Partners in the following sections)

Note: If you do not have a business or personal bank account with history then
open a new account under the name of your corporation. All you should need to
open a corporate bank account is a copy of your Articles of Incorporation, your
corporations Tax ID and in some cases a business license and a banking
resolution.)

$tep# 5

Prepare Two Financials and have them re-prepared by a CPA

When it comes to financials you want to accent the positive and avoid the negative.
For example, a resume must include a person's educational experience. If your
education is not much to brag about, for instance if you did not finish college, or
dropped out of high school, then you would simply leave the education section out
of your resume. This is the same with financials, only include the factors that will
boost your credibility and show your ability to repay the loan. Remember when it
comes to borrowing money there is no time to be humble. This is your opportunity
to toot your own horn.

When preparing two years financials you would like to have a balance sheet and
income statement for the last two years, and a year-to-date for the year you are
currently in. That means if the year you are preparing financials is 2007, you
should have a year-to-date statement to the end of the most recent calendar quarter
of 2007. You should also have tax returns for 2005 and 2006 with the figures
matching the figures on your financials. Again no one knows your business better
than you and your business owners, it is okay to prepare your financials but in


                                                                                  124