

order to give your financials credibility you should have them prepared by a CPA
licensed with the IRS. (Refer to the appendix for examples of financials.)

Have your CPA prepare a "compiled financial statement" for the last two years
prior to the current year. And if you have figures for the current year, have him
prepare a year-to-date financial statement. You do not want a reviewed statement,
because not only are they very costly, and take a long time to prepare, but a
reviewed statement is not as credible as an audited statement, it serves the same
purpose as a compiled statement but could end up being very detrimental. If you
choose to go with the audited financial statements, and they don't paint the picture
you were looking for, have the CPA prepare a compiled statement. But remember
with an audited statement it is much easier to obtain credit without a personal
guarantee. If a CPA gives you problems, or is hard to work with find another one
“there's plenty fish in the sea”. Review the statements to make sure they look as
good as they possibly can without creating any unnecessary tax liability for
yourself. Make sure your liabilities do not exceed 40% off your assets. If possible
at least 10% of your net worth should be cash or any other liquid assets. You may
use estimates, guesstimates or projections with a compiled statement since the
CPA does not verify or question the figures you provide them with. If you are a
new business I recommend a compiled financial statement since estimates and
projections can be used. Financials are not set in stone if you choose to have them
redone simply have them identified as "amended financials". If you do not have
two years financial statements refer to the section Finding a Financial Partner.
(When applying for over $250,000 most lenders will require a detailed business
plan for more info on business plans refer to chapter 10.)

Having a strong balance sheet
When applying for a business loan, the lender will usually look at your company’s
Financials which includes your company’s balance sheet. A solid balance sheet
with assets exceeding liabilities is important to be viewed as a low credit risk by
commercial lenders. Here are a few ways to keep a good balance sheet, retain cash,
wait to write-off bad receivables, manage inventory, lease rather than purchase
equipment. Your balance sheet is a direct reflection of your Duns Rating. Because
your Duns Rating is based on net worth (Financial Strength), and your balance
sheet is a snap shot of your company’s net worth.




                                                                                125