

Add $10,000,000 to your Business Balance Sheet for less than $50.00

You can add $10,000,000 or more to your balance sheet. It is important to form
your corporation in a state (Nevada or Wyoming) where the state law allows you to
assign any "par-value" to your stock as you like, even though there are no assets to
back up your valuation. Thus, it is possible to assign a par value of $1 each to
10,000,000 shares of stock and list it in your book as "assets." You can then take
the $10,000,000 in shares of stock and add the corporate stock as assets to the
businesses balance sheet. This strategy will give the corporation an image of a big
fortune 500 company.

Establishing a Duns Rating with current financials

You can send in a current balance sheet to D&B that shows the corporation has a
ten million dollar net worth, and as long as the corporation is paying its bills within
terms you can establish a 3A1 Duns Rating with D&B.

Have two year's tax returns prepared by a CPA

It is okay if you have not filed your tax returns yet, is better to file late then to file
improperly. If you have not filed your tax returns simply take your financials and
prepare the corresponding tax returns based on the figures in them. The tax returns
can be filed or held for future filing. I recommend that you file them if there is no
reason not to. In fact you are required to if your business made a profit. If you need
to make any changes, just file amended tax returns. When asking a lending
institution to rely on your financials, in order for them to be truthful your tax
returns need to be sent to the IRS. Otherwise you will be lying to the lender, and
that is a Federal offense. The information in your financials must be provable; in
case a potential creditor challenges the accuracy of them you don't want to be in a
position where you can’t provide proof that they are accurate.

It's important to show as much income capacity and earning capacity as your
business can without creating a tax liability. Make sure you have listed all
expenses and have made any adjustments to income that you possibly can.
Financials are a catch 22 you want to show good Net profit when it comes to
submitting them to lenders and potential creditor's. But when it comes to sending
them to the IRS you want to show that you are barely breaking even.


                                                                                      126