

Here’s how you do it:
Nevada is a tax free state; there are no corporate or personal income taxes. first you
must establish a Nevada LLC(Your Private LLC) to work in conjunction with your
Current Home Corporation (Your Public Corporation). Set the Nevada LLC in
place to where it will be providing Consulting and leasing equipment or property to
your Home Corporation. Your Nevada LLC (Your Private LLC) can act as a
consultant, supplier, marketing & advertising service, and or financier to your
Home Corporation (Public Corp). Your Home Corp. can then divert the profits that
would be taxed and direct them to your Nevada LLC where there is no state tax.
For example let’s say your Public Corp is a car dealership. You could have your
Nevada LLC purchase the vehicles from your current supplier then mark them up
to near retail value, and sell them to your Public Corp so they can be resold at full
retail value. What you have just done is left all of the profit from the sale of the
vehicles in tax free Nevada and reduced or eliminated any state tax that your
company would have had to pay had you left the profit in your non-Nevada Corp.
When this strategy is implemented in a high tax state like California, your overall
tax savings can be substantial.

Again Public Corp. eliminated a high tax profit by paying consulting fees to
Private LLC. Leaving very little net profit to be taxed on. It also protected its assets
from litigation by moving them over to Private LLC. (For more information on the
Multiple Corporation Strategy refer to the Multiple Corporation Strategy section in
the protecting your Assets from Uncle Sam & Sue Happy Suzy).

$tep#6

Apply for DUNS number: The normal process for obtaining a Duns Number
takes 30 days, to expedite this process you can go through D&B’s Credit Builder
program. This service is ideal for businesses that need to establish their credit
rating. This program will shorten the normal thirty day process for obtaining a
Duns Number to within five business days. This program builds a full credit
profile, and assigns a basic set of D&B scores and ratings that potential creditors
can view. (For more information on applying for Duns Number refer to business
credit bureaus chapter in the applying for a Duns number section).




                                                                                    127