

$tep#7

Establish five trade references: that report positive payment experiences to D&B.
And five credit cards/cash lines of credit that report positive payment experiences
to Experian. (Remember trade references report to D&B and credit cards/cash lines
of credit report to Experian and Equifax.) For references make a list of businesses
(vendors) that you are currently doing business with who would be willing to
report to D&B. Remember you must make purchases to establish some payment
experiences. So if you have not used the trades make small purchases from $50-
$500 from each vendor. Do not make all of your purchases on the same day. Space
out your purchases over a few days or weeks.

Establishing a Paydex & Intelliscore
Make sure you pay your bills promptly, that means pay the bill no later than the
due date. If possible pay the companies’ bills at least 10 days before the due date.
It is important not to go over 45% of the high credit available on any given trade
line. Make sure you have a modest debt-to-asset ratio (60/40). Make sure all of
your payment experiences are being reported to Experian and Dun & Bradstreet.
Keep in mind business credit is not like personal credit you must pay promptly, the
earlier the better. Every day beyond the terms you're slow to pay it brings your
Paydex score down. Unlike personal credit where you get 30 days before a late
reflects on your credit report. Most vendors you will encounter NEVER report
good credit to anybody. On the other hand if you don't pay on time you will
definitely be reported negatively. If you do not have five established trade
references you can go to the bank were you have your business checking account
and open a line of credit secured by your deposit, and then apply the secured
banking round robin strategy. Once you have five trade references if you have a
problem with them reporting to D&B go through the D&B Credit Builder Program
this process will expedite the process of reporting the trades references to D&B.
(For more information on the secured banking round robin strategy and trade
references refer to the establishing trade references chapter).



Option 1
If the creditors are not reporting to D&B or Experian then request for them to
provide you with a reference letter with the activity and history of the trade
reference.

                                                                                128