

Again this process may seem very simple to you because there are only seven basic
steps involved. However keep in mind the implementation of each step is equally
important in the process of obtaining platinum corporate credit.

What if I do not have any of the above items listed in the seven steps?

Find a Financial partner (Financial Backer)

Since a corporation is a legal person it can cosign for another corporation through a
joint venture strategic alliance. If your business does not have any one of the above
items listed in steps 1-7, or is just a new startup company. An option would be to
find a financial partner (a corporation that has assets and proof of financial
capacity) to go into a joint venture agreement with, who will put up their financials
in exchange for a fee, or shares of stock, in other words a piece of the pie. You put
together a consolidated financial statement, which would permit you to include his
bank statements, financials, and trade references etc. on your company's bank
reference sheet and business balance sheet. You are required to give your financial
partner an equity position so that as an owner of the corporation their assets and
financials can be consolidated into your business. If the officers of the Corporation
do not have well enough personal credit, you can also have a financial partner act
as a credit officer for the Corporation.

Another option for a business that is lacking in any area in the seven steps would
be to do a leveraged buyout. In order for this to work the company you are going to
acquire must have been in business for at least 2-3 years preferably 5, the business
must be incorporated, the business must have a Duns rating, a Paydex score of 80
or better, and audited financials etc. If the business meets the LBO guidelines you
can proceed with the leveraged buyout. After the LBO is complete draft up a joint
venture/strategic alliance agreement between the company you bought doing the
LBO and the company that you are trying to establish corporate credit on. If this is
done correctly the company you acquired using the leveraged buyout strategy, will
provide anything the other company is lacking. (For more information on
leveraged buyouts refer to the how to do a leveraged buyout section in Leverage
chapter).




                                                                                 131