

Duns Rating, and a Paydex score of 80 or better, and have been in business for at
least 5 years you should no longer be asked to provide a personal guarantee.


Mistake #5
Using close friends and family’s funds.
If you inconvenience your family members and close friends to finance your
business you are digging yourself a deeper hole to crawl out of. Now in the event
of your business failing as 97% of all businesses do in the first five years, not only
will your business have failed. But you will have dragged your friends and family
into the whole mess as well.


Mistake #4
Not paying company bills on time
Not paying your companies bills on time will dramatically bring your Paydex score
down. Unlike the Fico score, which is only affected if you pay 30 days after your
due date. The Paydex score is based on your average days to pay. Meaning every
day beyond the terms agreed your payment is not received, your Paydex score
drops. So if you pay two days beyond the terms every month on all your trade
references that report to D&B your Paydex score would be 79. And if you pay
three days beyond the terms your Paydex score would be 78.


Mistake #3
Applying for credit and not knowing lending institutions loan criteria.

Most business owners apply for business credit without knowing whether or not
their company is in compliance with the lending institutions lending requirements.
You should have completed the first six steps in the Seven Steps Chapter before
you start applying for business credit. Lenders say that businesses in the third and
fourth stage of the development process are ready to approach commercial banks
and other traditional lending institutions for financing. Businesses in the first and
second stage of the development process should seek financing from informal
investors such sources of funding may include private investors, Venture
Capitalists, Angel Investors, government grants etc. for more information on
lending criteria refer to the bank loan criteria section in the business loans and
commercial finance Chapter.

                                                                                  138