

Mistake #2
Pledging personal assets
Any time you pledge your assets such as take-out a HELOC on your house, or
borrow against your life insurance policy or 401(k) to finance your business you
are putting your personal assets at risk. If the business cannot repay the loan, the
bank will put a lien on your home, or your life insurance policy will be wiped out
etc. The only time you should pledge your personal assets is if the lender requires
it and it is the absolute last resort. Operating as a sole proprietorship or a General
partnership also puts your personal assets at risk. To take it one step further one
should not own or have any personal assets. Instead have a trust, or a corporation
own the assets that no one knows you control besides your lawyer. (More on asset
protection in the protecting your assets chapter).


Mistake #1
Using personal credit to finance your business.
If you have used your personal credit or personal funds to finance your business
don't worry you are not alone. The number one mistake business owners make
when financing their business is using personal funds or personal credit. When
you use personal funds to finance your business, everything rides on the company's
success, if the business fails you lose the investment you put into the business. In
some cases it could result in bankruptcy. The more debt you have on your
personal credit report the higher your debt-to-income ratio, it doesn't matter if it's
for personal use or business use. Too much debt will lower your personal Fico
score. You're also lowering your personal Fico every time you apply for business
credit using a personal guarantee. See every time you apply for credit whether it's
for personal use or business use, your hit with an inquiry, an inquiry can lower
your personal credit score anywhere from 1-3 points. The lower your score drops
and the higher your debt ratio the harder it is to secure financing… especially
financing with the most favorable terms.




                                                                                  139