

New Credit
Getting new credit cards, cars, etc. can hurt your credit score because your credit is
checked each time you apply for something new. Sometimes when your credit is
checked it lowers your credit score.

There are hard-hit and soft-hit credit pulls. A hard-hit credit pull is not good. This
is when you have a mortgage broker, car dealer, etc. pull your credit -- it lowers
your credit score every time you do! A soft-hit credit pull is okay. This is when
you pull your own credit. You can do this as much as you’d like.


How Is the Personal Credit of the Officers, Directors, & Owners of the
corporation?


One area of your business you should be aware of when establishing Corporate
Credit, is the damage an individual with a challenged fico can have on the process.
If an individual was associated with another company that has filed bankruptcy or
has a high risk credit status, and is now an officer of your corporation, he/she could
potentially damage your corporation’s Corporate Credit rating.

For example, if John Doe is listed as a Director and/or Officer on your
corporation’s Officer’s List, but he was previously an officer of another
corporation that received a "high risk" status from the credit bureaus, these credit
bureaus could then tag the "high risk" status on your company.
Unfortunately there are currently no laws protecting small businesses from the
credit bureaus. Make sure all the officer’s of your corporation have a fico score of
680 or better and are free of association with any company with a "high-risk"
status.

Though it is true you can obtain Loans and leases under your company with no
personal guarantees, your personal credit plays a very important role when
establishing Corporate Credit. In the early stages of establishing Corporate Credit
you will be asked by banks and lending institutions to provide a personal guarantee
on almost every occasion. Even after you have established a Duns Rating and a
Paydex score of 80 or better, banks and lending institutions still want to see the
personal credit of any officer of the corporation who owns anywhere from 10-25%
or more of the business.       Why? Because a person’s credit tells a lot about a
person’s character, how you run your personal life is a pretty good indicator on

                                                                                  142