

how you run your business. Banks usually look for a Fico score of 680 or better.
Now this does not mean if you do not have a 680 you cannot get financing, it just
makes your chances for getting approved a lot higher, interest rates lower etc. if
you have good personal credit. If you, any shareholders, or any other officers of the
corporation do not have at least a 680 Fico, you can apply the same strategies I
provided in the finding a financial partner section in the seven steps chapter to find
a credit worthy officer for the corporation.

Here are a few ads you can run:


Creditworthy officer needed                           Overnight riches
for local corporation                       No risk involved. Capital or assets
Excellent risk-to-return ratio.             needed for solid backer to yield large
No cash or collateral needed.               profits. Contact us at:

Call (800) 000-0000
                                            (800) 555-5555



Credit Worth Officer’s (CFO’s)

Not only will creditors check the personal credit of any officer who owns more
than 20% but in most cases they will want the officer’s to provide a personal
guarantee as well. To avoid this create a resolution for the Credit worthy officers of
the corporation to control up to 100% of stock. With the words control up to 100%
being used in the resolution this allows multiple credit worthy officers (CFO’s) to
simultaneously state that they control up to 100% of the corporation’s stock while
applying apply for credit on the corporation’s behalf. You can have as many credit
worthy officers (CFO’s) as you want as long as you elect them to the financing
committee. If you are issuing stock certificates to the CWO which you should,
make sure that you put an expiration date on the stock certificate (60-90 day
timeframe). This way you won’t have to worry about any problems with getting
those shares back from the CWO. Not to mention you don’t want to own the stock
for too long because it’s ok to own stock as long as you’re not sued while you own
it, and you never know when a lawsuit may occur.


                                                                                  143