

“The resolution should state we the board vote and elect that everyone named in
the financing committee can state he/she controls up to 100% of stock (up to
means 1-100%). They do not own the stock for a personal nature; they own the
stock for credit purposes only.”

Bank Loan Procedure

These loans are not designed to put money in your pocket. They are designed to
get banks to trust you and start loaning you money along with posting A-1 personal
credit ratings on your credit report to show your credit worthy. The best credit
reference you can furnish is a record of having borrowed money from a bank.
Since bank loans are hard to get, a good reference will usually rate you as AAA-1
and open the doors to the credit world for you. The following is a technique for
using the banks money to build an excellent credit rating.

First of all go to a bank of your choice. Make sure they report to the same credit
bureau that you are building your credit file at. Open a regular savings account
there for no less than $1,000. Wait 3 days for the account to be posted and then go
back to the same bank and ask for a $1,000 loan offering your savings account as
collateral. Since your loan is totally secured by your savings account the bank
won't even make a credit or employment check. Take the $1,000 loan, go to
another bank and do it all over again. Go to at least 3 banks doing the same thing.
Ask for a 6 or 12 month payment plan for each loan and take your payment
account passbook with you each time you ask for a loan because you'll have to
surrender it to the bank in order to get the loan. After leaving the third bank you'll
still have the $1,000 cash in hand. Now go to a fourth bank and open a checking
account if you don't already have one. Wait two days, and then make one monthly
payment on each bank loan from your new checking account. Wait a full week and
send your second monthly payment to each bank. Repeat one week later with your
third month's payment.

Once you've followed my plan you'll be eligible for signature loans, credit cards,
home or auto financing, or anything else. A credit investigation at this point will
list you as an excellent credit risk. And why not? Within 30 days you'll have an
active checking account, three $1,000 savings accounts and three $1,000 loans on
which you are three months ahead on payments. You'll also have great credit
ratings on your credit report. And as you continue reading you'll see that you'll also
have a fourth A-1 credit rating from the bank that will issue you your visa and/or
Master card.

                                                                                  144