


By making the first 3 payments you have unfrozen equal amounts of cash in your
savings account. You can now withdraw enough money from your savings account
to make your upcoming payments. Continue In this manner until the loan is paid
off. You'll still retain most of your original $1,000 because it continues to draw
interest while used as collateral. This helps offset the interest charges you pay. Try
to keep a little money in each savings account for future references.

Personal Financial Statements

Depending on the lending institution, requesting a loan $50,000-$100,000 or more
requires personal financial statements. A personal financial statement indicates
your net worth. Each partner or shareholder owning a substantial percentage (for
example, 10-20% or more) of the business should submit one. A personal financial
statement is important to the lender, particularly if you have never received
financing for your business before, because it gives the lender evidence of personal
assets you could pledge to secure a loan.

What if I do not have personal financial statements?

If you do not have personal financial statements, then follow the strategies
provided in the finding a financial partner section & the personal credit section.

To Personally Guarantee or Not to Personally Guarantee?                  That is the
question

As I stated earlier in the beginning stages of establishing corporate credit, you will
be asked 95% of the time to provide a personal guarantee. The other 5% if you’re
lucky would be collateralized credit, credit that has collateral that can be reposed in
the event that your corporation were to default on the loan. But once the
corporation has established a track record with that creditor, a Duns rating, and a
Paydex score of 80 or better it is possible to obtain business credit without a
personal guarantee. Although most lending institutions will require most start up
businesses to provide a personal guarantee, this does not mean that you have to be
the personal guarantor.

Even if your FICO score is 850 let someone else personally guarantee the loans on
the business's behalf. You get the best of both worlds, you give the bank their
personal guarantor, and you do not have to be that guarantor. Besides you

                                                                                   145