

wouldn't believe how many people get a kick out of being able to say that they are
a listed officer of a corporation, or would be willing to be a credit worthy officer in
exchange for profit.

No Personal Guarantee

Using personal credit to finance your business can cause problems. Because
businesses require more cash to operate than consumers do, you may seem
overextended. Your personal credit will not be portrayed accurately if you are
using it to run your business. What if you have excellent personal credit but
absolutely under no circumstances want to provide a personal guarantee? The Key
factor here is your ability to negotiate and use common sense. Consider these
possible remedies;

   1. Have the corporation offer alternative collateral instead of the personal
      guarantee. Convince your supplier or vendor to accept a security interest on
      assets of the business instead. Or maybe he can accept a guarantee from an
      affiliated corporation.
   2. Maybe you can only get half the credit line without a personal guarantee
      instead of $50,000 maybe you can get $25,000 to start with.
   3. Ask the creditor if they would be willing to drop the personal guarantee if
      you paid on time for the first six months. The key is to negotiate
   4. Find a creditor that wants your business. If you show them some cash up
      front they may be more than willing to forgo the personal guarantee, and if
      they say they won't tell them their competitors will.

Remember if you have an existing relationship with a creditor and the corporation
is unable to pay its bills on time, never give the creditor a personal guarantee at
that point no matter how much they insist on one. It is a good Idea to have a credit
worthy officer for the corporation, someone to personally guarantee loans on the
corporation’s behalf. But if you have to sign the personal guarantee make sure your
business partners sign also. The goal is to avoid personal guarantees as much as
possible and to pay those debts first that have the personal guarantees.

Creating a Credit worthy Officer

   • File a DBA under an AKA
   • Then apply for a Tax ID number,



                                                                                   146