

   • Establish credit with the assumed name (AKA) (If you currently have
     personal credit cards add your AKA as an authorized user to expedite the
     process of establishing credit with the AKA),
   • Start establishing corporate credit with the assumed name as the personal
     guarantor. once you have been approved order an additional card in your
     name by adding yourself as an authorized user.
   • If anonymity is not important to you then this strategy can also be applied
     incorporating your name.

Either way applying this strategy correctly will provide you with an endless supply
of credit worthy officers that will personally guarantee loans on the corporation’s
behalf. Thus providing a personal guarantee and avoiding a personal guarantee at
the same time.

Separating the two

Though it is true you can expedite the process of building business credit through
personally guaranteeing loans. Keep in mind when you personally guarantee a
business loan, your tying your personal credit to your business debts. Businesses
have needs in order to maintain the day-to-day business operations. They need
materials, parts, equipment etc. on a continuous basis. And as it expands there's
more and more need for capital.


Unfortunately with personal credit, the more you apply for financing for the
business; you acquire more debt and more Inquiries. Making you undesirable to
lending institutions because your score dropped and your debt ratio went up. This
is why it is important to establish a corporate credit profile that is separate from
your Personal credit.


As we discuss in the incorporating chapter you can separate your personal liability
and protect your personal assets from that of the business just by incorporating. It
is possible to build a business credit profile for a sole proprietorship or
partnerships; however you are still responsible for all the debts of the business. I
recommend building your business credit as a corporation. Because a corporation
makes smaller companies seem larger in appearance. And the highest D&B ratings
are reserved for larger corporations.



                                                                                147