

It is wise to first approach the bank with which you have an account and an
established relationship. It wouldn't hurt to have your accountant or lawyer contact
the bank and present your proposal.

Choosing a Bank that’s Right for You

It is important in the beginning stages of Corporate Credit to select the right bank.
Do NOT choose any bank.
There are two main objectives to seek when searching for a new bank.
1.) Find a bank that is aggressively seeking new business.
2.) Choose one with which you can develop a personal relationship.

To select a bank that is aggressive, simply watch for extended advertising
campaigns. They are very costly, and must bring in new business in order to be
continued.

Look also for smaller banks, ones with just a few offices. They tend to be more
aggressive, more lenient on qualifications, much friendlier and more personalized
in the service they offer. They are forced by nature of their Competition to be
more flexible.

With the small, independent bank, you will get friendly service, and often will be
called by name. The tellers remember you and do not need to request your
identification every time you want to cash a check. Small banks do not have a
large loan committee that spends lots of time shuffling papers.
They may however, stall your loan application for a day or so in order not to
appear too anxious! It’s a minor issue...and not one to be overly concerned about.

Big banks seem to have forgotten that the customer is number one. You will be far
more pleased with a small bank and the personalized service when it comes to
getting loans and other services for your business.

Reasons to Borrow
There are three major reasons why businesses borrow;

   1.) The first and most common reason is to purchase assets. A loan to acquire
       assets could be for buying short-term, or current, assets—such as
       inventory—and would be repaid once the new inventory is converted into

                                                                                 150