

2. The amount required, and the repayment term of the business loan you request.
(e.g. $50,000 term 10 years, payable quarterly). Remember ask for a specific
amount and take whatever amount you calculate that you need and double it and
ask for that amount.

3. Details of how you plan to repay the loan.

4. Details of collateral you will be able to pledge to the lender. This will act as
reassurance for the lender. In the early stages of establishing corporate credit if you
are not willing to provide a personal guarantee then be prepared to put up some
aspect                                   of                                   security.

5. Personal financial statements from all the principals of the corporation. Lending
institutions usually want financials from any principals who own at least 10%-25%
or more of the corporation. That’s if they even request financials at all.

6. 2 Years audited financial statements; you will need to provide financial
statements prepared by a C.P.A preferably audited.

7. Accounts receivables (debtors) and payables (creditors) ageing reports.

8. You will need to include your business plan with detailed information about the
market you operate in, management capabilities, what line of business you are in
etc.
If you are a new business the emphasis is going to be on your business plan, and
the collateral your business can provide against the loan.

The First Step: Preparing Your Business Plan and Loan Request

When you apply for a business loan, you will need to provide certain information
about yourself and your business in the form of a business plan. A business plan
can act as an ongoing management guide to help you establish production goals
and measure actual performance. Your business plan can help demonstrate to a
prospective lender that you have the knowledge, managerial competence, and
technical capability to run a successful business.

The plan must be thorough and well organized. The finished document should be
typed and placed in a binder. Make several copies for each of your prospective
lenders and keep several copies for your files. I recommend that you get your

                                                                                   152