

accountant or a professional at a small business development center to help you
prepare the business plan.

How to Prepare a Business Plan That Guarantees Big Profits

Success in business comes as a result of planning. You have to have a detailed,
written plan that shows you what the ultimate goal is, the reason for the goal, and
each milestone that must be passed in order to reach your goal.

A business plan is a written definition of, and an operational plan for achieving
your goal. You need a complete business tool in order to define your basic product,
income objectives and specific operating procedures. YOU HAVE TO HAVE A
BUSINESS PLAN to attract investors obtain financing and hold onto the
confidence of your creditors, particularly in times of cash flow shortages - in this
instance, the amount of money you have on hand compared with the expenses that
must be met...

Aside from an overall directional policy for the production, sales efforts and profit
goals of your product - your basic "travel guide" to business success - the most
important purpose your business plan will serve, will be the basis or foundation of
any financial proposals you submit. Many entrepreneurs are under the mistaken
impression that a business plan is the same as a financial proposal, or that a
financial proposal constitutes a business plan. This is just a misunderstanding of
the uses of these two separate and different business success aids.

The business plan is a long range "map" to guide your business to the goal you've
set for it. This plan details the what, why, where, how and when, of your business
- the success planning of your company.

Your financial proposal is a request for money based upon your business plan -
your business history and objectives.

Understand the differences.          They are closely related, but they are not
interchangeable.

Writing and putting together a "winning" business plan takes study, research and
time, so don't try to do it all in just one or two days.



                                                                                 153