

The easiest way is to start with a loose leaf notebook, plenty of paper, pencils,
pencil sharpener, and several erasers. Once you get your mind "in gear" and begin
thinking about your business plan, "10,000 thoughts and ideas per minute" will
begin racing through your mind... So, it's a good idea when you aren't actually
working on your business plan, to carry a pocket notebook and jot down those
business ideas as they come to you - ideas for sales promotion, recruiting
distributors, and any other thoughts on how to operate and/or build your business.

Later, when you're actually working on your business plan, you can take out this
"idea notebook" - evaluate your ideas, rework them, refine them, and integrate
them into the overall "big picture" of your business plan.

The best business plans for even the smallest businesses run 25 to 30 pages or
more, so you'll need to "title" each page and arrange the different aspects of your
business plan into "chapters." The format should pretty much run as follows:

             Title Page
             Statement of Purpose
             Table of Contents
             Business Description
             Market Analysis
             Business Location
             Management
             Current Financial Records
             Explanation of Plans for Growth
             Explanation of Financing for Growth Documentation
             Summary of Business & Outlook for the future
             Listing of Business & Personal References


This is a logical organization of the information every business plan should cover.
I'll explain each of these chapter titles in greater detail, but first, let me elaborate
upon the reasons for proper organization of your business plan.

Having a set of "questions to answer" about your business forces you to take an
objective and critical look at your ideas. Putting it all down on paper allows you to
change, erase and refine everything to function in the manner of a smoothly oiled
machine. You'll be able to spot weaknesses and strengthen them before they
develop into major problems. Overall, you'll be developing an operating manual

                                                                                    154