

for your business - a valuable tool that will keep your business on track, and guide
you in the profitable management of your business.

Because it's your idea, and your business, it's very important that YOU do the
planning. This is YOUR business plan, so YOU develop it, and put it all down on
paper just the way YOU want it to read. Seek out the advice of other people; talk
with, listen to, and observe, other people running similar businesses; enlist the
advice of your accountant and attorney - but at the bottom line, don't ever forget
that it has to be YOUR BUSINESS PLAN!

Remember too, that statistics show the greatest causes of business failure to be
poor management and lack of planning - without a plan by which to operate, no
one can manage; and without a direction in which to aim its efforts, no business
can attain any real success.

On the very first page, which is, the title page, put down the name of your business
– XYZ Inc. with your business address underneath. Now, skip a couple of lines,
and write in all capital letters: PRINCIPAL OWNER - followed by your name if
you're the principal owner. On your finished report, you would want to center this
information on the page, with the words "principal owner" offset to the left about
five spaces.

Example:                    XYZ Inc.
1234 SW 5th Ave. Anywhere, USA 00000


PRINCIPAL OWNER: You’re Name

      That's all you'll have on that page, except the page number...
                                          -1-

Following your title page is the page for your statement of purpose. This should be
a simple statement of your primary business function, such as: We are a service
business engaged in the business of selling business success manuals and other
information by mail.

The title of the page should be in all capital letters across the top of the page,
centered on your final draft - skip a few lines and write the statement of purpose.
This should be direct, clear and short - never more than two (2) sentences in length.

                                                                                 155