


Then you should skip a few lines, and from the left hand margin of the paper, write
out a subheading in all capital letters, such as: EXPLANATION OF PURPOSE.
From, and within this subheading, you can briefly explain your statement of
purpose, such as: Our surveys have found most entrepreneurs to be "sadly" lacking
in basic information that will enable them to achieve success. This market is
estimated at more than 100 million persons, with at least half of these people
actively "searching" for sources that provide the kind of information they want,
and need.

With our business, advertising and publishing experience, it is our goal to capture
at least half of this market of information seekers, with our publication, MONEY
MAKING MAGIC! Our market research indicates we can achieve this goal, and
realize a profit of $1,000,000 per year within the next 5 years...

The above example is generally the way you should write your "explanation of
purpose," and in subtle definition, why you need such an explanation. Point to
remember: Keep it short. Very few business purpose explanations are justifiably
more than a half page long.

Next is your table of contents page. Don't really worry about this one until you've
got the entire plan completed and ready for final typing. It's a good idea though, to
list the subjects (chapter titles) as I have, and then check off each one as you
complete that part of your plan. By having a list of the points you want to cover,
you'll also be able to skip around and work on each phase of your business plan as
the idea or the interest in organizing that particular phase, stimulates you. In other
words, you won't have to make your thinking or your planning conform to the
chronological order of the "chapters" of your business plan - another reason for the
loose leaf notebook...

In describing your business, it's best to begin where your statement of purpose
leaves off. Describe your product, the production process, who has responsibility
for what, and most importantly, what makes your product or service unique - what
gives it an edge in your market. You can briefly summarize your business
beginnings, present position and potential for future success, as well.

Next, describe the buyers you're trying to reach - why they need and want or will
buy your product - and the results of any tests or surveys you may have conducted.
Once you've defined your market, go on to explain how you intend to reach that

                                                                                  156