

market – how you’ll alert these prospects to your product or service and induce
them to buy. You might want to break this chapter down into sections such as...
publicity and promotions, advertising plans, direct sales force, and
dealer/distributor programs. Each section would then be an outline of your plans
and policies.

Moving into the chapter on competition, identify who your competitors are their
weaknesses and strong points - explain how you intend to capitalize on those
weaknesses and match or better the strong points. Talk to as many of your
"indirect" competitors as possible those operating in different cities and states.

One of the easiest ways of gathering a lot of useful information about your
competitors is by developing a series of survey questions and sending these
questionnaires out to each of them. Later on, you might want to compile the
answers to these questionnaires into some form of directory or report on this type
of business.

It's also advisable to contact the trade associations and publications serving your
proposed type of, business. For information on trade associations and specific
trade publications, visit your public library, and after explaining what you want,
ask for the librarian's help.

The chapter on management should be an elaboration on the people operating the
business. Those people that actually run the business their job titles, duties,
responsibilities and backfilled résumé’s. It's important that you "paint" a strong
picture of your top management people because the people coming to work for you
or investing in your business will be "investing in these people" as much as your
product or ideas. Individual tenacity, mature judgment under fire, and innovative
problem-solving has "won over" more people than all the AAA Credit Ratings and
astronomical sales figures put together.

People becoming involved with any new venture want to know that the person in
charge - the guy running the business knows what he's doing, will not lose his cool
when problems arise, and has what it takes to make money for all of them. After
showing the "muscle" of this person, go on to outline the other key positions within
your business: who the persons are you've selected to handle those jobs and the
sources as well as availability of any other help you might need.



                                                                                157