

If you've been in business on any kind of scale, the next chapter is a picture of your
financial status - a review of your operating costs and income from the business to
date. Generally, this is a listing of your profit & loss statements for the past six
months, plus copies of your business income tax: records for each of the previous
three years the business has been an entity.

The chapter on the explanation of your plans for the future growth of your business
is just that - an explanation of how you plan to keep your business growing - a
detailed guide of what you're going to do, and how you're going to increase your
profits.

These plans should show your goals for the coming year, two years, and three
years. By breaking your objectives down into annual milestones, your plans will
be accepted as more realistic and, be more understandable as a part of your
ultimate success.

Following this explanation, you'll need to itemize the projected cost and income
figures of your three year plan. It'll take a lot of research, and undoubtedly a good
deal of erasing, but it's very important that you list these figures based upon
thorough investigation. You may have to adjust some of your plans downward, but
once you've got these two chapters on paper, your whole business plan will fall
into line and begin to make sense. You'll have a precise "map" of where you're
headed, how much it's going to cost, when you can expect to start making money,
and how much.

Now that you know where you're going, how much it's going to cost and how long
it's going to be before you begin to recoup your investment, you're ready to talk
about how and where you're going to get the money to finance your journey.
Unless you're independently wealthy, you'll want to use this chapter to list the
possibilities and alternatives.

Make a list of friends you can approach, and perhaps induce to put up some money
as silent partners. Make a list of those people you might be able to sell as
stockholders in your company - in many cases you can sell up to $300,000 worth
of stock on a "private issue" basis without filing papers with the Securities &
Exchange Commission. Check with a corporate or tax attorney in your area for
more details. Make a list of relatives, and friends that might help you with an
outright loan to furnish money for the development of your business.


                                                                                  158