

You can refer to the list of venture capital organizations. Visit the Small Business
Administration office in your area - pick up the loan application papers they have -
read them, study them, and even fill them out on a preliminary basis - and finally,
check the costs, determine which business publications would be best to advertise
in, if you were to advertise for a partner or investor, and write an ad you'd want to
use if you did decide to advertise for monetary help.

With a listing of all the options available to your needs, all that's left is the
arranging of these options in the order you would want to use them when the time
comes to ask for money. When you're researching these money sources, you'll
save time by noting the "contact" to deal with when you want money, and
whenever possible, by developing a working relationship with these people.

In your documentation section, you should have a credit report on yourself. Check
your tri-merge credit report online with Transunion, Experian, or Equifax, or check
at the credit department in your bank for the nearest credit reporting office. When,
you get your credit report, look it over and take whatever steps are necessary to
eliminate any negative comments. Once these have been taken care of, ask for a
revised copy of your report and include a copy of that in your business plan.

If you own any patents or copyrights, include copies of these. Any licenses to use
someone else's patent or copyright should also be included. If you own the
distribution, wholesale or exclusive sales rights to a product, include copies of this
documentation. You should also include copies of any leases, special agreements
or other legal papers that might be pertinent to your business.

In conclusion, write out a brief, overall summary of your business - when the
business was started, the purpose of the business, what makes your business
different, how you're going to gain a profitable share of the market, and your
expected success during the coming 5-years...

The last page of your business plan is a "courtesy page" listing the names,
addresses and phone numbers of personal and business references - persons who
have known you closely for the past five years or longer - and companies or firms
you've had business or credit dealings with during the past five years.

Appendices/exhibits. This section should document any issues that can't be
addressed in the text. For example, distribution agreements, contracts for the


                                                                                  159