

purchase of your product, and your operating licenses would all be included as
appendices.

And, that's it - your complete business plan. Before you send it out for formal
typing read it over once a day for a week or ten days. Take care of any changes or
corrections, and then have it reviewed by an attorney and then, an accountant. It
would also be a good idea to have it reviewed by a business consultant serving the
business community to which your business will be related. After these reviews,
and any last-minute changes you want to make, it'll be ready for formal typing.

Hire a professional typist to type the entire plan on ordinary white bond paper.
Make sure you proofread it against the original. Check for and correct any
typographical errors then one more time - read it through for clarity and the
perfection you want of it.

Now you're ready to have it printed and published for whatever use you have
planned for it - distribution amongst your partners or stockholders, as the business
plan for putting together a winning financial proposal, or as a business operating
manual.

Take it to a Kinko’s or OfficeMax in your area, and have three copies printed.
Don't settle for photocopying... Have it printed! Photocopying leaves a slight film
on the paper, and will detract from the overall professionalism of your business
plan, when presented to someone you're trying to impress. So, after going to all
this work to put it together properly, go all the way and have it duplicated properly.

Next, stop by a stationery store, variety store or even a dime store, and pick up an
ordinary, inexpensive bind-in theme cover for each copy of your business plan.
Have the holes punched in the pages of your business report to fit these binders and
then slip each copy into a binder of its own.


Now you can relax, take a break and feel good about yourself. You have a
complete and detailed business plan with which to operate a successful business of
your own. A plan you can use as a basis for any financing proposal you may want
to submit. And a precise road map for the attainment of real success.




                                                                                  160