

Financial Information

   •   Financial statements: balance sheets, profit and loss and cash flow
       statements for the past three years. If you are just starting out, provide
       projected balance sheets and income statements.
   •   Personal financial statements on yourself and other principal owners of the
       business.
   •   Collateral you would be willing to pledge as security for the loan.

The process of applying for a business loan is a stringent one. Lending institutions
evaluate their applicants based on the information that is provided as well as their
judgment of the viability and profitability of the business being financed. Thus,
business loan applicants should submit a loan proposal along with their
applications with the purpose of creating a positive impression upon the lender.

The first element of a loan proposal is an executive summary, providing short
descriptions of the Line of business and the industry, the purpose of the loan, the
proposed repayment conditions as well as the terms of the loan. After that, the
businesses information is provided, with detailed information on the nature of the
business, businesses address, company history, the products or services provided,
key differentiation factors of the business or the product, the general growth of the
industry, competitive information, growth potential and target market.

It would help if you could include your growth projection plan for the business, as
well as the marketing strategy for the business. Apart from that, if you plan to offer
product or service extensions in the future, you should provide these descriptions
within your loan proposal. If possible, geographical expansion plans will help as
well.

The next section that needs to be in the proposal would be the credentials and
experience of each employee in upper management. Impressive credentials will
provide assurance to the lender that individuals who are responsible and capable
manage the company. This is important as having the wrong people managing the
company        could       be       detrimental      for      the       business.

In any loan application, historical records are essential to be used in evaluating the
performance of a company. As new start-up companies do not yet have these
records, the financial statements of the principals of the corporation will be used as
the basis of evaluation. Two years Tax Returns are also required by lenders. All of

                                                                                  162