

these historical records provided should be the latest copies less than 90 days old,
with     the     exception     of    the    Financials     and      Tax     Returns.

If the loan applied for is for an existing company that has been operating long
enough to have company financial statements, then they should be included in the
loan proposal. Don’t forget to add a listing of accounts receivables and other short
term       and      long        term       debt      should       be       attached.

On the other hand, if the loan application is submitted for a new business, a pro-
forma balance sheet and profit and loss account should be provided. Apart from
that, a cash flow projection for the upcoming year is drafted to indicate the
possibility of recovering the debt. This also means that projected revenue, profits,
costs incurred and expenditure should be listed out with definite explanations
provided as well as a list of assumptions.

If you have assets that you wish to pledge as collateral for your loan, details for
this should be provided in the proposal as well. It is often common for lenders to
request for dual sources of repayment in the event that one source is defaulted.
This means that if the business owner defaults on his repayments, the collateral can
be        sold        in        order       to         repay        the        loan.

Finally, other documents normally required for a loan application would be items
like articles of incorporation, lease agreements, partnership agreements, license,
references, etc. As the list of required documentation, information and attachments
differs between lenders, it is best to check with the lender on their specific
information and documents required to be attached with the loan proposal before
you submit it.

How Your Business Loan Request Will Be Reviewed

When reviewing a loan request, the banker is primarily concerned about the
repayment of the loan. To help determine this ability, many bankers will order a
copy of your business credit report from D&B or Experian. Therefore, you should
work with these agencies to help them present an accurate picture of your business.
Using the business credit report and the information you have provided, the banker
will consider the following issues:

   •   Do you have a sound record of credit-worthiness as indicated by your credit
       report, work history and letters of recommendation? This is very important.

                                                                                163