

   •   Have you prepared a loan proposal and business plan that demonstrate your
       understanding of and commitment to the success of the business?
   •   Does the business have sufficient cash flow to make the monthly payments
       on the amount of the loan request?
   •   Have you invested savings or personal equity in your business totaling at
       least 25% to 50% of the loan you are requesting? (Remember, a lender or
       investor will not finance 100% of your business.)
   •   Do you have sufficient experience and training to operate a successful
       business?

Advantages of Business Loans

More favored treatment by lending intuitions Have you ever noticed when you
walk in the bank how the business owners get treated different? They get their own
section in the bank, and they have their own line, with their own bankers. When
you are applying for a business loan you get the Red Carpet Treatment because
bankers know that there is more profit with business loans because businesses take
out larger loans.

Less frequent payments and more favorable terms, some lending institutions
will allow you to pay annual payments instead of monthly.
But when a bank allows annual payments they usually want the interest in advance.

Easier renewal of the loan with a business loan it is easier to renew, than
renewing a consumer loan. With a business loan all you have to do to renew the
loan is fill out a form.

Lower interest rates leaves more to allocate to other things the business needs.

Easier to obtain, business loans can be made for several reasons which makes it
easier to obtain than any other type of loan. Lenders are more comfortable lending
money to a business because the chances of being paid back are greater than with
personal loans. Because individuals usually have one income source and
businesses usually have multiple.

Financial Analysis

In addition to the "Five C's of Corporate Credit," a prospective lender will use a
balance sheet and four primary financial statements to make a credit decision.

                                                                                     164