

1.) Is Your Business Credit Worthy?

The ability to obtain money when you need it is as necessary to the operation of
your business as is a good location or the right equipment, reliable sources of
supplies and materials, or an adequate labor force. Before any lending institution
will lend you money, the banker must feel satisfied with the answers to the five
following questions:

   •   What sort of person are you, the prospective borrower? By all odds, the
       character of the borrower comes first. Next is your ability to manage your
       business.
   •   What are you going to do with the money? The answer to this question will
       determine the type of loan, short or long-term. Money to be used for the
       purchase of seasonal inventory will require quicker repayment than money
       used to buy fixed assets.
   •   When and how do you plan to pay it back? Your banker's judgment of your
       businesses ability and the type of loan will be a deciding factor in the answer
       to this question.
   •   Is the cushion in the loan large enough? In other words, does the amount
       requested make suitable allowance for unexpected developments? The
       banker decides this question on the basis of your financial statement, which
       sets forth the condition of your business and on the collateral pledged.
   •   What is the outlook for business in general and for your business
       particularly?

Adequate Financial Statements

The banker wants to make loans to businesses, which are solvent, profitable, and
growing. The two basic financial statements used to determine those conditions are
the balance sheet and profit-and-loss statement. The former is the major yardstick
for solvency and the latter for profits. A continuous series of these two statements
over a period of time is the principal device for measuring financial stability and
growth potential.

In interviewing loan applicants and in studying their records the banker is
especially interested in the following facts and figures.
General Information:




                                                                                  172