

Keep in mind that a very important distinction between the types of loans is the
source of repayment. Generally short-term loans are repaid from the liquidation of
current assets, which they have financed. Long-term loans are usually repaid from
earnings.

The purpose of your loan is also critical in determining the type of loan you
request. You also should make sure that the timing of the repayment schedule on
your loan matches the incoming cash flow you will use to make the payments.

There are a number of loan types available to commercial borrowers, including
lines of credit, seasonal commercial loans, installment loans, collateralized loans
(which are secured with assets), credit card advances, and term loans.
Regardless of the type, most loans have the following features.

Common Loan Features

Loans are long term or short term.
Interest rates vary depending on the term, type, size, and risk of the loan.
Repayment may be a lump sum or on a monthly or quarterly schedule.
Payments may be delayed until the funds help your business generate cash flow.
The loan may be committed, meaning the bank agrees to lend to you under certain
terms as you need funds without requiring you to re-apply each time.

Some loans require that you maintain compensating balance levels in a deposit
account

Short Term Loans

You can use short-term bank loans for purposes such as financing accounts
receivable for, say 30 to 60 days. Or you can use them for business purposes that
take longer to pay off - such as for building a seasonal inventory over a period of 5
to 6 months. Short term loans are usually for a term of a year or less, and in some
cases lenders expect short-term loans to be repaid in one lump after their purposes
have been served: for example, accounts receivable loans, when the outstanding
accounts have been paid by the borrower's customers, and inventory loans, when
the inventory has been converted into salable merchandise.

Banks grant such money either on your general credit reputation with an unsecured
loan or on a secured loan.

                                                                                 174