

3.) How Much Money?

The amount of money your business needs to borrow depends on the purpose for
which you need funds. Figuring the amount of money required for business
construction, conversion, or expansion - term loans or equity capital - is relatively
easy. Equipment manufacturers, architects, and builders will readily supply you
with cost estimates. On the other hand, the amount of working capital you need
depends upon the type of business you're in. While rule-of-thumb ratios may be
helpful as a starting point, a detailed projection of sources and uses of funds over
some future period of time - usually for 12 months - is a better approach. In this
way, the characteristics of the particular situation can be taken into account. Such a
projection is developed through the combination of a predicted budget and cash
forecast.

The budget is based on recent operating experience plus your best judgment of
performance during the coming period. The cash forecast is your businesses
estimates of cash receipts and disbursements during the budget period. Thus, the
budget and the cash forecast together represent your plan for meeting your working
capital requirements.

To plan your businesses working capital requirements, it is important to know the
"cash flow" which your business will generate. This involves simply a
consideration of all elements of cash receipts and disbursements at the time they
occur. These elements are listed in the profit-and-loss statement, which has been
adapted to show cash flow. They should be projected for each month.

4.) What Kind of Collateral?

Sometimes, your Personal Guarantee is the only security the bank needs when
making a loan. At other times, the bank requires additional assurance that the loan
will be repaid. The kind and amount of security depends on the bank and on the
businesses situation.
If the loan required cannot be justified by the borrower's financial statements alone,
a pledge of security may bridge the gap. The types of security are: endorsers; co
makers and guarantors; assignment of leases; trust receipts and floor planning;
chattel mortgages; real estate; accounts receivables; saving accounts; life insurance
policies; and stocks and bonds. In a substantial number of States where the
Uniform Commercial Code has been enacted, paperwork for recording loan
transactions will be greatly simplified.

                                                                                  178