

Credit Worthy Officers, Endorsers, Co-makers, and Guarantors

Borrowers often get other people to sign a note in order to bolster their own credit.
These endorsers are contingently liable for the note they sign. If the business
defaults on the loan, the bank expects the endorser to make the note good.
Sometimes, the endorser may be asked to pledge assets or securities too.
A co-maker is one who creates an obligation jointly with the borrower. In such
cases, bank can collect directly from either the maker or the co-maker.
A guarantor is one who guarantees the payment of a note by signing a guaranty
commitment. Both private and government lenders often require guarantees from
offices of corporations in order to assure continuity of effective management.
Sometimes, a manufacturer will act as guarantor for customers.

Assignment of Leases

The assigned lease as security is similar to the guarantee. It is used, for example, in
some franchise situations.
The bank lends the money on a building and takes a mortgage. Then the lease,
which the dealer and the parent franchise company work out, is assigned so that the
bank automatically receives the rent payments. In this manner, the bank is
guaranteed repayment of the loan.

Warehouse Receipts

Banks also take commodities as security by lending money on a warehouse receipt.
Such a receipt is usually delivered directly to the bank and shows that the
merchandise used as security either has been placed in a public warehouse or has
been left on your premises under the control of one of your employees who is
bonded (as in field warehousing). Such loans are generally made on staple or
standard merchandise, which can be readily marketed. The typical warehouse
receipt loan is for a percentage of the estimated value of the goods used as security.

Trust Receipts and Floor Planning

Merchandise, such as automobiles, appliances, and boats, has to be displayed to be
sold. The only way many small marketers can afford such displays is by borrowing
money. Such loans are often secured by a note and a trust receipt.
This trust receipt is the legal paper for floor planning. It is used for serial-
numbered merchandise. When you sign one, you

                                                                                   179