

Savings Accounts

Sometimes, you might get a loan by assigning to the bank a savings account. In
such cases, the bank gets an assignment from you and keeps your passbook. If you
assign an account in another bank as collateral, the lending bank asks the other
bank to mark its records to show that the account is held as collateral.

Life Insurance

Another kind of collateral is life insurance. Banks will lend up to the cash value of
a life insurance policy. You have to assign the policy to the bank.

If the policy is on the life of an executive of a small corporation, corporate
resolutions must be made authorizing the assignment. Most insurance companies
allow you to sign the policy back to the original beneficiary when the assignment
to the bank ends.

Some people like to use life insurance as collateral rather than borrow directly
from insurance companies. One reason is that a bank loan is often more convenient
to obtain and usually may be obtained at a lower interest rate.

Stocks and Bonds

If you use stocks and bonds as collateral, they must be marketable. As a protection
against market declines and possible expenses of liquidation, banks usually lend no
more than 75 percent of the market value of high grade stock. On Federal
Government or municipal bonds, they may be willing to lend 90 percent or more of
their market value.

The bank may ask the borrower for additional security or payment whenever the
market value of the stocks or bonds drops below the bank's required margin.

5.) What Are the Lender's Rules?

You should be aware that the lender will expect you to agree to certain
performance standards and restrictions in order to ensure that your business can
repay the loan. But the lending institutions are not just interested in loan
repayments. They are interested in borrowers with healthy profit-making
businesses. Therefore, whether or not collateral is required for a loan, they set loan

                                                                                  181