

Chances are that the lender may "give" some on the terms. Keep in mind also that,
while you are mulling over the terms, you may want to get the advice of your
associates and outside advisors. In short, try to get terms, which you know your
company can live with. Remember, however that once the terms have been agreed
upon and the loan is made you are bound by them.

6.) The Loan Application

Now that you have read about the various aspects of the lending process and are
ready to apply for a loan. Banks and other private lending institutions, require a
loan application on which you list certain information about your business. Make
sure your application is neatly typed.

7.) Evaluating the Application

Once you have supplied the necessary information, the next step in the borrowing
process is the evaluation of your application. The banker considers this when
determining whether to grant or refuse the loan:

   •   The borrower’s debt paying record to suppliers, banks, home mortgage
       holders, and other creditors.
   •   The ratio of the borrower's debt to net worth.
   •   The past earnings of the company.
   •   The value and conditions of the collateral, which the borrower offers for
       security.

8.) If you’re Application Is Not Approved

If your loan is not approved, ask why. You are entitled by law to a written
statement of the reasons for a loan denial, if you request it. Many banks
automatically supply the reasons for denial in writing.

Knowing the reasons for a loan denial can inform you of areas in your proposal
that didn't meet the lender's standards. Since all lenders do not share identical
standards, another lender may reach a different credit decision. Review your loan
proposal in light of the lender's comments. See how you can use the resources or
ideas presented in this booklet to strengthen your application. Go through the
process of reviewing your technical and financial material again, and then review

                                                                              184