

About 98 percent of the companies in the United States qualify as small businesses
and most of these businesses are eligible for U.S. Small Business Administration
loans up to $750,000, available to build and expand their operations.

Just like any business loan, the SBA and its associated lenders look at the
applicant's personal credit, the businesses financial profile, the management
experience, and the growth trends in the applicant's industry.

The 7 (a) loan guarantee program is the SBA's standard program. It aids small
businesses needing funds to buy fixed assets or for working capital.

In the 8 (a) program, the SBA acts as prime contractor, contracting with other
federal agencies to negotiate subcontracts with small businesses owned by socially
or economically disadvantaged individuals.

Disabled and Vietnam-era veterans who cannot secure business financing on
reasonable terms from other sources can go to the SBA. Veterans can use these
loans to start a small business, or to build an existing business.

The SBA HAL-1 and HAL-2 programs help handicapped individuals and non-
profit workshops to establish, purchase or run a small business

Small companies in the field of energy conservation can find financial support in
the SBA's Small Business Solar Energy and Conservation Loan Program

The SBA's Small Loan program encourages SBA-guaranteed loans of $50,000 or
less. Applicants should ask for the SBA Form 4 short form to apply for the small
loans.

The recent micro loan program offering loans of $200 to $15,000 makes SBA
funding available to even very small (mom and pop) businesses.

The SBA's Certified Development Company (CDC) loan program offers credit for
small and medium sized businesses that fall between the cracks of programs
covered by traditional lenders. And the Export Revolving Line of Credit program
helps small exporters to obtain an SBA guarantee on a loan or line of credit.
                                                                              186