

The SBA is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST. Monday through Friday. Call 1-800-
827-5722 (1-800-U-ASK SBA)

Small Business Investment Companies (SBIC's) are privately organized
corporations that are licensed and regulated by the SBA. Small or emerging
businesses, which qualify for assistance from the SBIC program, can receive
equity capital and/or long-term loans from these companies. Essentially,

Angle Investors/Private Investors

An angel investor is an affluent individual that provides capital for a business
start-up, usually in exchange for ownership equity. Angels typically invest their
own funds, unlike venture capitalists, who manage the pooled money of others in a
professionally-managed fund.

Angel capital fills the gap in start-up financing between seed capital, and venture
capital. While it is usually difficult to raise more than $100,000 - $200,000 from
friends and family, most venture capital funds will not consider investments under
$1 - 2 million. Thus, angel investment is a common second round of financing for
high-growth start-ups.

Angel investments bear extremely high risk, and thus require a very high return on
investment. Because a large percentage of angel investments are lost completely
when early stage companies fail, professional angel investors seek investments that
have the potential to return at least 10 or more times their original investment
within 5 years, through a defined exit strategy.

Venture Capital

Venture capital is a type of private equity capital typically provided by
professional, institutionally-backed outside investors to new, growth businesses.
Generally made as cash in exchange for shares in the company, venture capital
investments are usually high risk, but offer the potential for above-average returns.
A venture capitalist (VC) is a person who makes such investments. A venture
capital fund is a pooled investment vehicle (often a partnership) that primarily
invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky
for the standard capital markets or bank loans.



                                                                                    187