

These companies provide their own capital, which is supplemented by federal
funds, to the companies they fund. VC’s often take control of a company, their
ultimate goal is to make the company very profitable, and then sell it.

The venture capitalist due diligence process is intense and can take weeks or
months depending on the complexity of your company. It will be the most
intensive look at your company that you have ever experienced.

   • The venture capitalists will want to know everything from your standard
     articles of incorporation, directors, and shareholder agreements up to the
     details     of    how       your      business    processes    are    run.

   • The purpose of the initial meeting and draft term sheet is to get an approval
     in principle. From there the venture capitalist will carefully examine the
     details of your company before making an official offer.

   • An intermediary can be helpful in speeding up the process, especially when
     dealing with the lawyers on both sides. The intermediary is responsible for
     "cracking the whip" and ensuring the process is progressing. The faster you
     can make lawyers work, the lower your bill will be. Generally, if you give
     lawyers enough time, they will make sure to use it and bill you accordingly.

Public Stock offerings (IPO)

Going public (or participating in an "initial public offering" or IPO) is the process
in which a corporation owned by one or several individuals is converted into a
corporation that is owned by many. Going public involves the offering of part
ownership of the corporation to the public through the sale of debt or more
commonly, equity securities (shares of stock).

In an IPO a corporation puts their stock on the open Stock Market for the first time.
Putting your shares on the open stock market is another good way to raise large
amounts of capital. You can sell ten million shares of stock at a par value of your
choice (depending on the state in which you Incorporate) when creating the charter
for the corporation. Here’s an example of how this will work. First, issue ten
million shares of stock once you are authorized to do so. Keep 3,000,000 shares for
yourself and reserve another 3,000,000 for future sales to the public. The
remaining 4,000,000 shares should be issued for public sale at about $1 per share.
If you sell 100,000 shares, you will have raised $80,000 after deducting a 20

                                                                                 188