

Securities and Exchange Commission disclosure requirements offer the public
more confidence because in annual reports the company outlines its financial
condition and corporate strategy which encourages corporate growth, development
and merger activity. In addition to acquiring companies many other assets can be
purchased with stock.

Does my corporation qualify and will my public offering succeed?

There are no guarantees in life or financing. In business, that’s why they call it
"entrepreneuring". The atmosphere for making public offerings is always in flux.
Talk with an underwriter, IPO consultant, accountant or attorney about the market
prospects. Then ask yourself:

   •   Can I show that my corporation can maintain consistent high growth?
   •   Is the public aware of our type of product or service? Do they think it’s in a
       "good" industry?
   •   Can our company perform as well as and preferably better than our
       competition?
   •   Can we meet the financial audit requirements?

Many underwriters require that your company is generating sales of $10 to $20
million annually with profits of $1 million. That your product is on the "leading
edge" and that you have an experienced, proven top management team and can
show future growth rates of at least 25% annually for the next five years. To obtain
a NASDAQ listing, you need $4 million in tangible net assets. However, there are
a lot of exceptions and smaller companies can also become publicly held.

What do I need to go public?

Audited financials, and a good management team. The creditability and experience
of your management team is the most important factor in obtaining an underwriter
and successfully completing a public offering. You also need a good outside team.
These are your IPO consultants, accountants, attorneys, underwriters and PR
specialists.

Four questions you should ask yourself before going public:

          1. Why do you want to take your corporation public?


                                                                                 190