

Sure-Fire Methods of Raising Instant Cash for your corporation

Though I do not recommend tying personal asset to the business, but if it is the last
resort and I mean absolute last resort to get the financing you need then so be it.

The inability to come up with the necessary capital when suddenly presented with
a great business opportunity can be very frustrating experience. Fortunately, there
are several ways to raise unlimited amounts of capital in an hour or less!

Most business owners are not aware of many of these cash-raising methods I am
about to share with you. They are all legal and any one of them could be the
answer to your businesses money needs the next time you have an opportunity to
get in on the ground floor of a great business opportunity. The important thing is
to be aware of the possibilities, and then to position yourself to use them when the
need arises.

Another source of money is your circle of friends and relatives. Therefore, it's
always to your benefit to make friends, encourage them as necessary, and keep
them believing in you. Like I said in the public offering section of this chapter
one of the easiest of all money-raising ideas is to promote amongst your friends
and relatives is the sale of "private stock" in your corporation. For instance, if
100 of your friends and relatives were to give you $250 each for 250 shares of
stock, you'd have $25,000 with which to either jump into or launch a new venture.
And by-the-way, it's always important to have at least 3 people you can count on to
co-sign on a note or loan for you if the need should ever arise.

Almost every business uses credit cards in place of money for the purchase of
many of the things the business needs to operate. Most business owners aren't
aware that in addition to merchandise and services, you can also buy money with
your credit cards.

The "Cash Advance" privilege on credit cards is actually the best and easiest way
to raise cash - immediately and with no questions asked. Generally, most business
owners can write themselves a check for at least a thousand dollars against these
credit cards and with no questions or quibbling relative to the amount requested.
With an American Express card, you can even write yourself a check for $2,500
without being questioned.



                                                                                 193