

Now let’s say you had 10 of these credit cards, and your business needed $10,000 -
all you'd have to do is write 10 different checks for $1,000 each - a $1,000 check
against each of your credit cards with this cash advance privilege - present the
checks at each of the banks sponsoring the credit cards, and you've got the $10,000
your business needs.

Besides the no-fee credit cards such as MasterCard and Visa, there is a growing
number of travel and entertainment cards such as American Express, Carte
Blanche and Diners Club. Your annual income and credit rating has to be higher
than average, and they charge you an annual service charge for the privilege of
using them, but the amount of cash you can draw against them is much higher. For
instance, with an American Express "Gold Card," you can draw up to $5,000 in
instant cash, immediately with no questions asked.

In addition to the "cash advance" privileges of most credit cards, most modern
bank accounts include an automatic overdraft provision. This amounts to the
privilege of your being able to write a check for more than the balance you have in
your account, and the bank honoring your check by merely loaning you money to
cover the amount of the check. In effect, this is an immediate and automatic loan
to you - without questions. Most of these "check guarantee" accounts will cover
you up to at least $1,000 and if you have 3-such accounts, you can write three
$1,000 checks, and be on your way with whatever you need instant cash for.

Loans against life insurance policies are another source of "no questions asked"
instant cash. You simply borrow against the cash value of the policy, and in most
cases, the interest you pay is much lower when compared to other loans.

The best part is you don’t have to pay it back nor will your insurance policy lose
value, so long as you keep the interest payments up to date. Still another avenue to
explore is the feasibility of using your insurance policy as collateral when you
don't seem to have enough unassigned collateral otherwise.

If you own real estate, and there is no pre-payment penalty and your personal
credit is good enough, you can do a cash-out refinance if you have enough equity.
Generally speaking, you could borrow money against your equity. In these times
of tight money, this is the most intelligent method of coming up with the cash you
need to start a new business, but this method is not what you would call instant it
could take anywhere from 3-4 weeks to close escrow.


                                                                                194