

Don't forget all the money you've loaned out to friends, neighbors and/or relatives
over the years - check your memory and get in touch with these people and ask
them for repayment.

Don't be afraid to take your business plan in and show the people at your nearest
commercial bank. These banks -as opposed to regular savings banks are always on
the lookout for new businesses to invest in, and are willing to take risks they'll
welcome businesses with "open arms" and can really help your company.

How to Raise Capital for a Business

There are several ways to raise capital for a business from borrowing form a friend
or relatives to selling stocks. Don't make the mistake of thinking that the only
place you can find the money you need is through the bank or finance company.

The task of raising money for a business is not as difficult as most business owners
think. This is especially true when you have an idea that can make you and your
backers rich. Actually, there's more money available for new business ventures
than there are good business ideas.

A very important rule of the game to learn: Anytime your business needs to raise
capital, your first order of business should be to put together a proper prospectus.

This prospectus should include a resume of your background, your education,
training, experience and any other personal qualities that might be counted as an
asset to your potential success. It's also a good idea to list the various loans you've
had in the past, what they were for, and your history in paying them off.
Remember to only include things in your prospectus that work towards your
benefit

You'll have to explain in detail what the purpose of the loan is. If it's for an
existing business, you'll need a profit and loss record for at least the preceding six
months, and a business plan showing how this additional money will produce
greater profits. If it's a new business, you'll have to show your proposed business
plan, your marketing research and projected costs, as well as anticipated income
figures, with a summary for each year, over at least a three year period.

It'll be advantageous for you to base your cost estimates high, and your income
projections on minimal returns. This will enable you to "ride thru" those extreme

                                                                                   195