

"ups and downs" inherent in any beginning business. You should also describe
what makes your business unique - how it differs from your competition, and the
opportunities for expansion or secondary products.

This prospectus will have to state precisely what you're offering an investor in
return for the use of his money. He'll want to know if your business is looking for
Debt Financing. And if so what is the percentage of interest you're willing to pay,
and whether monthly, quarterly or on an annual basis. Or are you looking for
Equity Financing. If so are you offering a certain percentage of the profits? A
percentage of the business? Or a seat on your board of directors?

Investors use their money to make more money. They want to make as much as
they can, regardless whether it's a short term or long term deal. In order to attract
them, interest them, and persuade them to "put up" the money you need, you'll not
only have to offer them an opportunity for big profits, but you'll have to spell it out
in detail, and further, back up your claims with proof from your marketing
research.

Venture investors are usually quite familiar with "high risk" proposals, yet they all
want to minimize that risk as much as possible. Therefore, your prospectus should
include a listing of your business and personal assets with documentation - usually
copies of your tax returns for the past three years or more. Your prospective
investor may not know anything about you or your business, but if he wants to
know, he can pick up his telephone and know everything there is to know within
24 hours. The point here is, don't ever try to "con" a potential investor. Be honest
with him. Lay all the facts on the table for him. In most cases, if you've got a good
idea and you've done your homework properly, an "interested investor" will
understand your position and offer more help than you dared to ask.
When you have your prospectus prepared, know how much money you want,
exactly how it will be used, and how you intend to repay it.

As simple as it seems, one of the easiest ways of raising money is by advertising in
a newspaper or a national publication featuring such ads. Your ad should state the
amount of money you want - always ask for more money than you need so you
have room for negotiating. Your ad should also state the type of business involved
(to separate the curious from the truly interested), and the kind of return you're
promising on the investment.



                                                                                   196