

Take a page from the party plan merchandisers. Set up a party and invite your
friends over. Explain your business plan, the profit potentials, and how much you
need. Give them each a copy of your prospectus and ask that they pledge a
thousand dollars as a non-participating partner in your business. Check with the
current tax regulations. You may be allowed up to 25 partners in Sub Chapter 5
enterprises, opening the door for anyone to gather a group of friends around
himself with something to offer them in return for their assistance in capitalizing
his business.

It's always a good idea to have an attorney and an accountant help you make up
your business prospectus. As you explain your business plan to them, and ask for
their advice, casually ask them if they'd mind letting you know of, or steer your
way any potential investors they might happen to meet. Do the same with your
banker. Give him a copy of your prospectus and ask him if he'd look it over and
offer any suggestions for improving it, and of course, let you know of any potential
investors. In either case, it's always a good idea to let them know you're willing to
pay a "finder's fee" if you can be directed to the right investor.

Professional people such as doctors and dentists are known to have a tendency to
join occupational investment groups. The next time you talk with your doctor or
dentist, give him your business prospectus and explain your plan. He may want to
invest on his own or perhaps set up an appointment for you to talk with the
manager of his investment group. Either way, you win because when you're
looking for money, it's essential that you get the word out to as many potential
investors as possible.

Don't overlook the possibilities of the Small Business Investment Companies in
your area. Look them up in your telephone book under "Investment Services."
These companies exist for the sole purpose of lending money to businesses, which
they feel have a good chance of making money. In many instances, they trade their
help for a small interest in your company.

Many states have Business Development Commissions whose goal is to assist in
the establishment and growth of new businesses. Not only do they offer favorable
taxes and business expertise, most also offer money or facilities to help a new
business get started. Your Chamber of Commerce is the place to check for further
information on this idea.



                                                                                 197