

Industrial banks are usually much more amenable to making business loans than
regular banks, so be sure to check out these institutions in your area. Insurance
companies are prime sources of long term business capital, but each company
varies its policies regarding the type of business it will consider. Check your local
agent for the name and address of the person to contact. It's also quite possible to
get the directors of another company to invest in your business. Look for a
company that can benefit from your product or service. Also, be sure to check at
your public library for available foundation grants. These can be the final answer
to all your money needs if your business is perceived to be related to the objectives
and activities of the foundation.

Finally, there's the Money Broker or Finder. These are the people who take your
business prospectus and circulate it with various known lenders or investors. The
downsides to money brokers are, they always require an up-front or retainer fee,
and there's no way they can guarantee to get you the loan or the money you want.

There are many very good money brokers, and there are some that are not so good.
They all take a percentage of the gross amount that's finally procured for your
needs. The important thing is to check them out fully; find out about the successful
loans or investment plans they've arranged, and what kind of investor contacts they
have all of this before you put up any front money or pay any retainer fees.

Start thinking about the idea of inviting investors to share in your business as silent
partners. Think about the idea of obtaining financing for a primary business by
arranging financing for another business that will support the start-up,
establishment and development of the primary business. Consider the feasibility of
merging with a company that's already organized, and with facilities that are
compatible or related to your needs. Give some thought to the possibilities of
getting the people supplying your production equipment to co-sign the loan you
need for start-up capital.

Remember, there are thousands upon thousands of ways to obtain business start-up
capital. This is truly the age of creative financing.

Disregard the stories you hear of "tight money," and start making phone calls,
talking to people, and making appointments to discuss your plans with the people
who have money to invest. There's more money now than there's ever been for
new business investment. The problem is that most beginning "business owners"
don't know what to believe or which way to turn for help. They tend to believe the

                                                                                   198