



                                           Chapter 12
                               Think look and act like a Billionaire


“Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.” Jim Rohn



By now if you followed the steps correctly you should have an Office, have been
in business for 2-5 years, a bank reference with an eight figure balance, Tax
returns, Audited Financials, and a credit worthy officer etc. I even shared my
LBO/Strategic Alliance with all these tools you should have enough to appease the
bank, they will practically give you a key to the vault.

I Think I Can, I Know I Can

In this chapter I am going to touch on something I know most of you have gotten
wind of “The Law of Attraction” (The Secret). I am a firm believer in the law of
attraction, in fact I have been applying it all my life I just did not know it until I
seen The Secret. If you have not seen The Secret I strongly recommend that you
buy the DVD, the book, and the audio C.D. for your car. Now if you envision
yourself with all the funding you need, and a high Paydex. That is what you will
attract. If you don’t believe you will receive the financing you need then often
times you will be turned down. You will not give off any confidence etc. In some
cases business owners get so discouraged that they do not even apply to one lender
because they fear rejection. What is the worst that can happen? They say no. If you
do not quit the process of establishing Corporate Credit you cannot fail. On the
other hand if you do not establish Corporate Credit to get the funding you need
your business could fail from under capitalization. 97% of all businesses fail within
the first 5 years.

If you want to become one of the 3% to get the funding you need, you’ve got to
stop wanting to be trained by the numbers. There is no magic formula on “How to
obtain financing for your business.” You’ve got to put aside this literal way of
thinking, and start thinking in a few abstracts. Abstract thinking means that you
start to deal in concepts. You start to understand concepts instead of just methods
1-2-3. There is no absolute formula for getting loans from the bank. There are
some techniques that I will teach you. But understand that these techniques work

                                                                                           201