

only in the hands of a creative practitioner. That magic grows out of what you
know about the bank, their lending criteria, and what you know about your
business.

This is a key part of the process because your success is going to be in direct
relationship to the impression that you make.

Dealing with Bankers

A true banking relationship will give you the key to the vault. It is this type of
banking relationship this manual will help you establish. Now one must remember
when dealing with bankers, or a potential investor, that they are humans just like
me and you. They eat, sleep, and make mistakes just like me and you. They put
their pants on one leg at a time just like everyone else. Bankers are paid to put on
an aloof act. Their job is make loans if they don’t make loans they won’t have a
job. If they make too many bad loans they get fired. Now on top of all this stress
they do not get paid very well, in fact their paid very poorly. This is called the
bankers tightrope. You can imagine the stress. Now look at it from another view
this banker who probably couldn’t finance a piece of candy is casting judgment on
you. So with that being said what makes a bank open the vault?

Bankers like businesses because businesses take out much larger loans then
consumers. How often does a consumer come in for a Million dollar loan with
audited financials, and low debt ratios? Hardly ever because anyone in the
position to acquire a million dollar loan on their signature without any collateral
would be smart enough to know to apply for a loan under their business because of
the tax benefits. Bankers only deal with consumers because they have to.
Commercial banks are the only lending institutions that do not do business with
consumers. Bankers are paid a small salary and commissions, so the larger the loan
is the more they are paid. So how excited do you think they get when a consumer
walks in requesting a $5,000 dollars loan to catch up on some bills? They will
probably say oh so & so handles those types of loans and then push you off to
some rookie. In order to appeal to bankers, you have to understand their thought
process. It’s a banker’s job to judge people; they are paid to be conservative,

                                                                                202