

because they have to make conservative judgments. Because of this they have a
tendency to like certain types of people. Basically, bankers like rich people.
Because the average consumer begs for money calling every day to see if they
have been approved, while rich people business owners would inform a banker
what their plans are for the money requesting a commercial loan with annual
payments, or a 12 month note with no payments until the note is due. Now do you
see why bankers don’t like people, who aren’t rich, again the only reason they deal
with common folk is because they are required to. The banker’s thought process is
not at all what you think it is. You may think the banker is saying to himself, “Is
this a loan in the best interests of the bank? Is this going to make money for the
bank? Is this wise for the bank? Is this fair treatment for the consumer?” But he
isn’t thinking any of these things. He is thinking, “Is this loan going to come back
and blow up in my face? And if somebody in upper management comes in and
looks at this loan and asks me why I made it, do I have all the documentation in the
file that makes it look good? I don’t even care if it is good. Well, I mean, I’d like it
to be good, but I’m not trying to shoot myself in the foot. Because for the most
part, what is good for the bank is good for me, I mean, if I make a loan to a
business and it transfers a big deposit over here as a result, and then the loan is
paid back as agreed, I get lots of rewards and pats on the back. So yeah, I want the
loan to be good. But if it isn’t good (remember, most bankers assume that every
loan could be bad), I don’t want anybody to be able to come back and say that I
made a bad judgment. Because how could anyone have known? As long as I do
everything I am supposed to. And all the documentation is in the file. If the loan
turns out bad how could I have known?” A banker’s foremost thought is always
whether a decision will make him look good. No matter what deal or interaction he
is involved in, the banker is always most interested in doing the safest thing. He is
only interested in a good looking file, a file that has everything in it, and if a file is
missing something there is something in its place to make up for it.

Now a question that is always going to come up is “were you have been banking
before and why are you now choosing to bank with us”. The best explanation for
this is the service. “I didn’t like the service” with this answer they will not question


                                                                                      203