

you any further. Remember a banker is a human just like us with all the same
doubts and fears that we have. So I am going to start out by laying a foundation to
establish an understanding of what makes a banker tick and what controls him so
that you understand when you are dealing with them.

There are two types of loans: consumer loans and commercial loans. A consumer
loan is a small loan. A consumer borrower is someone who comes in and says, “I
want to buy a car,” or “I want a loan for a boat”. It’s even a person who says, “I
want a personal loan to take a vacation”. Consumer borrowers are talking about
small numbers and financing for two, three, four, or five years, during which time
they repay in small amounts every month. Now there is nothing wrong with this,
except that bankers feel indifferent toward consumer loans. Because they are
pennies compared to commercial loans, and the probability of a default is much
greater than a commercial loan. When you apply for a consumer loan you put
yourself under a real handicap and in a position to where the banker has to judge
you based on your personal credit. Which equals personal liability in the event of a
lawsuit, and this does not sit well with most bankers. Bankers like to see
corporations because when a business is incorporated it has personal liability
protection and the proper asset protection strategies in place in the event of a
lawsuit. To avoid the disadvantages of consumer loans, a banker is much more
comfortable making commercial loans for commercial purposes. Bankers feel that
commercial loans are safe, whereas consumer loans are risky. Businesses have
offsetting balances on deposit. Businesses generate cash flow and don’t have to
depend on a single “job” or the source of repayment. Plus businesses usually have
a secondary source of repayment. Businesses use the borrowed money to make
more money, not to buy luxuries. So now that we know a little bit about dealing
with bankers, how they think, how to appeal to them, and their fear of making bad
loans arises most when assessing a consumer loan. The purpose of this manual is to
show you how to make the transition from the consumer loan mentality to the
commercial loan mentality.




                                                                                204