

 Now you are probably thinking to yourself Reginald, this is good information but
I’m not rich. Well no worries you don’t have to have deep pockets you just have to
look like you do. I have a story that is going to help explain the next section.

Image is everything.

I first got into real estate when I was 18 years old. I did not have the best business
attire in fact I had one pair of beat up moccasins two dress shirts with one pair of
dress pants. And since I was so young I got a lot of people that were skeptic to do
business with me. They would always ask me how long I have been doing real
estate, and how old was I? To make a long story short I closed a few loans and I
bought myself a few suits, dress socks, dress shoes, a briefcase, and a nice pen with
my initials etc. After this was done I was getting double the loans but people were
still asking how business was for me, because I still drove a beat up Honda SUV.
After a few months I was able to buy a BMW 328I something I had wanted for a
long time. After this I was getting more loans then I knew what to do with, and I
noticed I was not getting questioned anymore about how business was. And people
often would refer more people to me. I often would get a lot of people in public
who would ask me what I did for a living. This got me more business as well. A lot
of my fellow account executives would tell me they did not think it was a good
idea they I bought the car because most people don’t like taking risks, but those
same people were not the best dressed, and did not drive the car they wanted to
drive. They also did not have as, many loans as I did either. I was the top loan
officer in the region and I had only been working for the company for a few short
months while they were there for years. But from the outside looking in you would
think I was a seasoned veteran. Shortly after the dress code changed and the
mangers encouraged account executives to go out and by their dream car. This
doubled the regions business because account executives were more confident and
felt like they had something to work for.

The moral of the story is look the part even though I had not been at the company
as long as the rest of the account executives I knew what I wanted and I went and
got it. I set a goal and I achieved it. I knew that if I thought, looked, and acted like
a successful business man I would soon become on. Although there was not much
in my pocket but lent at the time my clients thought I was a very successful young
business man. And after a short period of time this became true.



                                                                                    205