

In order to become a successful business owner one must develop the mindset of a
successful business owner. See a person who gives the appearance of a failure
tends to become a failure. You have to use the image of money to attract money.

While it is not true that clothes make the man, they can unmake him. Bankers favor
dark conservative clothing preferably a suit. The rule is: Spend as much as you can
afford on a superbly tailored suit, make sure it is gray flannel, dark wool, or subtle
pinstripes with some nice dress socks and dress shoes to match your suit. If you do
not have business cards I suggest you get some before you approach any bank,
lender, V.C. etc. you can go to www.vistaprint.com and get free business cards if
you cannot afford expensive cards, also purchase a nice briefcase and a nice pen if
possible one with your initials.

Billionaires Don’t

In this section I am going to go over a few things Billionaires just don’t do. Now
you are probably thinking to yourself Reginald Billionaires don’t need to borrow
money. This is true and not true, do you think Donald Trump uses his own money
to finance his real estate deals? The answer is no he leverages his Corporate Credit.

   1. Billionaires don’t put all their eggs in one basket: Those skilled at the art
      and science of borrowing know that the best way to obtain substantial sums
      is to make rounds at about 5-10 different types of loan and equity sources,
      taking the maximum available from each and combine them to reach the
      highest possible total. This technique is called stacking. Draw up a list of
      target lenders. Plan a search schedule plotting out on a calendar, exactly
      how many lenders you will visit on each day. It is important to have your
      “secretary” make appointments with them well in advance. This makes one
      look professional and it also helps when the rejections start coming in left
      and right, the frustration may prompt you to give up before the list is
      checked off. But with an appointment schedule marked on the calendar with
      all the dates set and confirmed, inertia will carry you through the toughest
      periods. And with persistence all things are possible like millions in funding.

   2. Billionaires don’t make their own appointments: If you don’t have a
      secretary to book your appointments then I suggest you have a friend or a
      relative do it for you. This gives off the image of a successful business man.
      Because anyone successful would not book their own appointments. Besides
      anyone who is very busy and of importance has a secretary or someone to

                                                                                  206