

      help them in areas where they need assistance. Another good idea is the third
      party introduction this helps to break the ice. Or you can ask around and see
      if a friend or associate knows the president of the bank, the old so and so
      referred me works as well. Remember you want to give off the image of a
      successful business owner because that is who bankers are looking to make
      loans to.

   3. Billionaires don’t fill out applications: Consumers fill out forms you are
      not trying to do what consumers do, you want to do what Billionaires do.
      Billionaires have a third party introduce them or they have their secretary
      call to make an appointment at a neutral zone that means not in his office
      and not in your office unless your office is nice and you don’t mind the
      banker coming to your office. Just as long as you are not in their office this
      gives you an edge. Do not I repeat do not bring your financials or any
      paperwork for that matter. This appointment is strictly just for the banker to
      get to know you and feel comfortable with you, it is o.k. to briefly go over
      this big deal you are going to be able to close as a result of the loan and how
      you will be making a nice deposit in the business account if things go
      smooth. Let the banker know you are going to have your secretary send in
      your financials. (More on The Dinner with the Banker later in this chapter).

   4. Billionaires don’t talk to Underlings: Billionaires only talk to the boss.
      Spending time and energy trying to convince someone who does not make
      the final decision is a waste of time. They may like the proposal in fact they
      may love it, but if you don’t get the big dog to agree it does not mean a
      thing. Only talk to the person who makes the final decision.

   5. Billionaires don’t beg: They never ask for anything, they simply let the
      banker know what they are planning to do and how much money they need.
      They usually double the amount needed so they are not turned down for
      asking for too little. They inform each funding source that they are shopping
      for the best terms. And they have their secretary call to follow up, but only if
      a few days have passed. But make sure not to call too much, it makes you
      seem desperate.




                                                                                  207