

Assessing a Bankers Needs Instead of Wants

Those skilled in the art and science of borrowing large sums of money not only
listen to what the banker says he wants. They listen for what the banker needs and
why he needs it. They read between the lines.

Now when a banker asks you for a particular item don’t take him literally. Don’t
believe that he really has to have what he is asking for. If he asks you for
something that you don’t have, don’t say you don’t have it! Create something to
offer him in its place. You have to give him something so he doesn’t have a blank
space in his file. The way to get the banker to say “yes” to you is to help him cover
himself, to make sure he feels safe. For example if you do not have your businesses
tax returns yet because you filed for an extension you can provide 12 month bank
statements for that year in place of the tax returns. Go over your loan proposal,
business plan, tax returns, financials etc. to anticipate any questions you might be
asked. Then, have short, intelligent answers ready. Make sure that there are no
blanks, if so then put something in place to make up for it. If you have nothing to
put in place of the missing item then prepare a letter of explanation and give it to
them only if they ask for it. I say this because you only want to give them what
they ask for. You don’t want a messy file as thick as a phone book because this
make underwriters gravitate towards much cleaner thinner files. And you don’t
want to open up a can of worms, because who knows they might not notice. So
again ONLY GIVE THE LENDER WHAT THEY ASK FOR. And assess their
needs instead of wants.

The Bankers Response

A banker should be friendly and interested in your business. This is the banker you
want to meet and deal with. Look for the banker to sound anxious for your
business. He should be more concerned with setting up an appointment than with
asking detailed questions. If you don’t like the response you get from that initial
overture, STOP! Scratch that one. If you start right out with somebody who’s got a
bad attitude, you will not change it. It’s not worth it. The response you’re looking
for is for them to say, “Sure, I’d be happy to do that.”




                                                                                 208