

The Luncheon with the banker

It is important to not appear nerves or intimidated, Invite banker to lunch at a gilt-
edged restaurant, or any nice restaurant of your choice as long as its outside of the
bankers office, this shifts the meeting from the bankers office, where he has the
edge, to a neutral ground. Now it is important to be on time. Remember the banker
is still judging you on how well you manage your time, how well you manage your
time is a reflection of how well you manage your money. Every signal that you can
send that says you’re a good manager of money is one step in the direction of
getting the funding your business needs, so be punctual. Do not start out the
appointment begging for money this makes you look like an amateur, a consumer
and you are trying to avoid looking like a consumer. Try to break the ice first, find
something that you both have in common it could a local sports team, or a recent
game that was on T.V. golfing, Skiing etc. whatever it is you have in common use
this to build rapport, the right banking relationship will practically give you the key
to the vault. So build rapport before you bring up money. If possible prearrange for
someone (business partner, spouse, or friend etc.) to call you a few times during
the course of the luncheon. Wait a few times for the phone to ring don’t answer the
first or second call, wait for the third call then answer and tell the caller that you
are too busy to speak at the moment and you are going to have to return the call
because you are in an important meeting. This move will make you appear to be
successful, decisive, and accustomed to giving orders; in addition you have
balanced the demands on your time and have proven to be a courteous luncheon
host. Now after you have broken the ice you can start out by saying “I am going to
be opening a trust account because I am going to be making some large deposits (if
you do not have the money to deposit you can borrow it from a relative or apply
the strategies in the seven steps chapter)., and depending on the terms and
conditions of the line, I am going to be opening a line of credit for x number of
dollars. And I will need this line to use as I need it. Imply to him that you are
planning to do a good deal of business. And in order for this to take place, certain
services are going to be important. Let the banker know that you have to be able to
operate without any red tape procrastination. Make sure you get him to agree with
you, a simple I understand will due. Any reaction other than enthusiasm, any
hesitation on his part, is bad. If the banker says something like, “Well, of course, I
couldn’t promise that in advance of seeing your financial statement,” beware. He is
not the banker for you he is not open minded you want a banker that thinks outside
the box. Now you have gotten through the lunch in, broken the ice, and gotten a
verbal commitment, now what? That is it for now let the banker know you are
going to have your secretary drop your financials of in the morning. Now make

                                                                                   209