



                                            Chapter 13
                                  Establishing Corporate Credit

“When establishing trade references you must register your trades with D&B and Experian. Make sure all your
trade references are reporting to D&B and Experian.” Reginald Ringgold




Passively Establishing Corporate Credit

From day to day, week to week, month to month and year to year, as your
business continues to operate and grow, you are directly impacting your
business credit profile, whether you know it or not. You can do nothing and as
the years progress you are building your corporate credit profile. Because many
large companies (including financial institutions, credit card companies,
utility companies, and some government agencies) report your payment
history to the business credit bureaus, you are building your business credit
profile just by paying your businesses monthly obligations. The
information in your business credit profile cannot be kept hidden, and other
companies may access the information in your business credit profile by paying
a fee to the business credit reporting agencies, that is why it is so important to
keep a good business credit profile.

Actively Establishing Corporate Credit

By utilizing proven strategies there are ways to improve your business credit
profile. Many people try to build corporate credit on their own, and many fail
in the process because they do not know the proper steps to establish a good
business credit profile. Establishing corporate credit is not a get rich quick
scheme, or a way to cover personal expenses that you just cannot afford to pay,
or do not wish to pay. So be careful because you could find yourself in debt
faster than you know it. This is why you must have a plan for the money

In order to ensure that you are properly building a positive business credit
profile, it is extremely important to maintain on-time payments for business
loans and lines of credit, credit cards, payments to suppliers, utility bills, leases,
rent, vehicle payments, all other bills, to maintain an accurate balance sheet,
an accurate income statement, and to avoid legal action against you at all cost.

                                                                                                              211