

Each of these factors are a direct reflection on your overall business credit
rating.

The Four Factors of Establishing Corporate Credit

No single factor is used to determine a company’s creditworthiness. In the same
breath no single factor will undermine its creditworthiness. Your businesses
corporate credit profile depends on several factors, these factors include:

      1. Paying your bills on time: paying your bills when they fall due is
         probably the single most important factor in determining a business’s
         creditworthiness and has a direct impact on your paydex. A good way to
         avoid late payments is to set up all the bills that are set and due on a
         regular basis on automated payment. (For more information on paydex
         refer to the business credit reporting agencies chapter.)
      2. Having a strong balance sheet: when you apply for a business loan, the
         lender will usually look at your company’s Financials which includes
         your company’s balance sheet. A solid balance sheet with assets
         exceeding liabilities is important to be viewed as a low credit risk by
         commercial lenders. Here are a few ways to keep a good balance sheet,
         retain cash, wait to write-off bad receivables, manage inventory, lease
         rather than purchase equipment. Your balance sheet is a direct reflection
         of your Duns Rating. Because your Duns Rating is based on net worth
         (Financial Strength), and your balance sheet is a snap shot of your
         company’s net worth.
      3. Creating and maintaining a strong business image and presence: that
         means follow all the seven steps in chapter 7 and be in compliance with
         the lending market, and organized.
      4. Staying out of legal trouble: avoiding lawsuits and fraudulent activity.
         Work with a good legal team, work with good insurance agents and make
         sure you follow all formalities to avoid the piercing of the corporate veil.

Lenders focus on one or more of these factors when looking into your business
credit history and determining your businesses creditworthiness. For example a
commercial lender determining to grant your business a loan may focus heavily on
your Duns Rating and your balance sheet, whereas a vendor can careless about a
balance sheet, they would be more concerned with your paydex and whether or not
you pay your bills on time or not. Insurance companies on the other hand may not
put heavy emphasis on your Paydex or Duns Rating, but they will factor in your

                                                                                 212