

litigation history. That is why it is important to focus on these four factors when
establishing corporate credit.

These factors are also taken into consideration by other service providers, such as
insurance companies to set premiums. More than ever, companies are using
automated decision, which means they input scores and ratings that summarize the
5 Cs into a financial model to determine the risk of doing business with you.

Trade References
Trade information

Whenever possible, try to establish credit lines that will grow along with the
business. For example, in setting up a credit line with your bank, try to get a credit
line based on a percentage of your receivables, rather than constant, static amounts.
Chances are your credit line will be reviewed by your bank annually and will be
subject to ceilings and restrictions, but try to build as much flexibility into your
borrowing relationships as you can. This will leave you better equipped to finance
fast growth.

The process for establishing business credit should be started before the company
needs it. No lending institution wants to lend money to a business in need of cash
flow. The corporation can start out using the owner's or officer's credit to gain
approvals under the business name, but as the business grows it should start to
establish its own credit history and credit profile in order to take on business credit
of its own. This is possible with a C Corporation using the corporate tax
identification number

When officers and owners use their own personal credit profiles to obtain credit for
the business, they risk the chance of lowering their own personal credit scores.
There are two reasons business owners should try not to use their personal
guarantee on business credit. First, the individual signer is liable if the business
cannot make the payments and second the credit obtained for the business can
affect the person's personal credit score and debt ratio.

Keep in mind, your personal credit score is based on several factors, including
available credit, the amounts of available credit used, late payments, and much
more.


                                                                                   213