

Obtaining credit for a business is a process that should be established over time.
The older the business the more options the business will have to build credit and
obtain loans and leases without the use of personal guarantees. It is not easy to do
this, but yet it is not impossible. The first step to start building the business credit
is to get educated, then apply the knowledge.

A credit score is built by having lines of credit, credit accounts and trade references
that report to the business credit bureaus. For most businesses it's very difficult to
find a business willing to grant credit with no personal guarantee and without any
previous credit history. If your business already has trade references, you should
work with them to build your paydex score. However, most businesses need
additional trade references that will grant credit and report to the credit agencies.

When you have obtained your minimum 5 trade references and 5 cash credit
references in order to obtain a paydex score and Intelliscore, you must make
purchases to establish some payment experiences. Make small purchases from $50-
$500 from each vendor/creditors. Do not make all of your purchases on the same
day. Space out your purchases over a few days or weeks. You must pay your
trade references before or within terms in order to establish an 80 paydex.
That means paying your trades 10 days sooner that the due date or on the day it’s
due. To avoid having to worry about getting your payments in on time set up your
trade references on automatic bill pay. Once you have created positive payment
experiences if your trade references are not reporting to D&B then your
corporation can go through the D&B Business Credit Builder Program. D&B has
two options for its Business Credit Builder Program the first option gives you 30
days to report 6 trade references this option cost $549. The next option gives you
12 months to report unlimited trade references this option costs $799. For more
information on the D&B Business Credit Builder Program call us toll free at
(888)817-8222. Unfortunately if your trade lines are not reporting to Experian the
only option that you have available is to call the creditor and request that report the
trade.

Most vendors you will encounter NEVER report good credit to anybody. On the
other hand if you don't pay on-time you will definitely be reported negatively.




                                                                                    214