

will be an individual business for the corporation. In the event of a lawsuit, or
bankruptcy, you will have the ability to dissolve the DBA without jeopardizing the
corporation. The divisions can use the same tax id as the parent corporation and
can also be added as a division to the parent corporation’s bank account, but
eventually each DBA will have its own federal tax id number, separate bank
account and business license.

Here is how it works:

Go to the county recorder’s office and file a D.B.A Fictitious Business name
statement under the parent corporation. Then complete steps 2-7 with the exception
of 4 & 5 in the 7 steps in chapter 7. The reason you are going to skip step 1 is
because since you are setting up a division you can use the parent corporation’s
EIN thus eliminating the need to file a separate tax return, and eliminating the
implementation of step 5 in the 7 steps. You also can use the history and corporate
status of the parent corporation without having to pay extra franchise tax fees.
Repeat step 2 with the exception of the physical address unless you have a separate
address for the division. The reason you want to repeat step 2 is because a division
that serves another business purpose separate from the parent corporation would
not fail to have a separate web address and email address with matching domain
name. Once you have completed step 6 which is apply for Duns Number then you
can move on to step 7 which is apply for trades. This means that with the corporate
credit that you have established with the parent corporation if the creditors allow it,
request additional cards for your divisions and sub divisions etc. then apply for
new corporate credit. Most trade creditors will extend additional credit to divisions.
Cash Creditors do not extend credit to divisions. In order to obtain cash credit and
an Experian Smart Business report with a division you must transform it into an
entity by completing step one with the exception of the D.B.A. This means
incorporate the division and apply for an EIN. This must be done because cash
lines and credit cards only report to Experian and unlike D&B who issues a Duns
number to each location of the business Experian uses your businesses Tax ID. The
reason you are going to skip step 4 in the 7 steps is because you can add divisions
to your business bank account thus avoiding opening a new account for the
division that would lack the history needed to obtain larger lines of corporate
credit.

(Warning divisions that are sued while connected to your parent corporation
can jeopardize the parent corporation’s assets. To avoid this from happing
when facing a lawsuit you can separate and isolate the division away from the

                                                                                   218