

How to obtain higher limits on Corporate Credit cards

Every time you apply for a Credit Card you are asked if you want to transfer any
balances that you may have on other cards. Most people when asked if they want
to transfer balances from other cards are reluctant, but transferring balances from
other cards can increase the limit that you receive on the card you are applying for.
For example when you are asked if you want to transfer a balance, ask what is the
most that can be transferred, if you have the balance available to transfer then
transfer it. The reason is if you can transfer $25,000 and you transfer $25,000 this
will improve your chances of being approved for no less than the amount you have
transferred. Do not be hesitant to transfer a balance to another card, because not
only can the balance be transferred to another card in the future, but the balance
that you transferred from the existing cards will free up the available credit on the
existing cards. If the limit on the existing card is below $20,000, with the balance
being freed up on the existing card you can reapply and transfer the $20,000
balance from the card you were just approved for to the existing card. This will
increase the limit on the existing card and free up the balance from the previous
card.

Here are the requirements for obtaining a loan for your corporation through
Bank of America (This is for a loan up to $50,000).

1. The corporation must have been in business for 2 years and profitable.

2. Must give a personal guarantee.

3. Give them the gross sales of the corporation.

4. No Corporate or personal financials are required (if you are asking for over
$50,000 for the corporation then financial statements will be required).

5. If the corporation has been in business less than 2 years or not profitable, then
you can still apply for a corporate loan, but the bank will heavily rely on personal
guarantees.

6. Many of the other options require your corporation to have been in business for
over a year, i.e., Office Max or Office Depot. With a new corporation this is
impossible, unless you had a shelf corporation that has been in existence for over a
year.

                                                                                 221