

Here is a step by step guide on how to apply for American Express Corporate
Credit card

Obtain an American Express corporate credit card. Here is the telephone number to
apply over the telephone 1-800-433-3550. You can also have them mail you an
application. You can fax in an application, since they require an original signature
on the application, they will send you a signature card (similar to a bank account)
to mail in also. The fee is $55 per card for the American Express card or you can
obtain the Optima card, which works like a regular Visa/Master card and has an
interest rate and the corporation is not required to pay the balance off each month.
There is no fee for the Optima Corporate Card, although it doesn't have some of
the corporate benefits that the regular corporate credit card offers. Obviously, the
corporation will establish a higher credit rating faster with the regular American
Express card over the Optima card. You must be the owner or an officer of the
corporation to apply.

Here are the questions they will ask:

1. The physical address of the corporation.

2. The phone number of the corporation.

3. The name of the individual responsible personally for the account. Yes, you
have to give your SSN. Basically, this is a personal guarantee to American
Express.

4. Credit references. This means the corporate bank account; any corporate trade
references. If the corporation is brand new and has none of these you will have to
give personal credit references. If that is no good, then you will have to wait a few
months until you establish some corporate references.

The credit limit will be based on the credit history of the company or individual.
Usually, American Express will start you out at $1,000 limit. Each month that you
pay off your balance on time you will get up to a 10% increase in the amount of
credit. It will take about 10-15 days to receive the card.

How to Increase Your Increase Your American Express to $100,000

Request $100,000 in travelers’ checks but don’t use them, wait and return them to

                                                                                 222