

the bank and say you did not need them this will increase your limit. They may
request financials so be prepared to provide them if you are asked to.

How to Lower Your Interest Rate while improving your Corporate Credit
Profile

Did you know that you have power to decrease your credit card interest rate,
eliminate fees, and get a bigger credit line for your corporation? You do! In fact,
you have more power over creditors than you may think.

Why would you want this power? I will explain why it is important for you to have
control, and give you a guideline of what to say to get things your way when
talking to your credit card company. It is your responsibility to put your knowledge
into action.

Unless you pay off your credit card every month (which I highly suggest you do),
you are probably overpaying on interest. It is very common for credit card
companies to give you higher than required interest rates. You may have an
interest rate equal to prime rate plus 4%. When you put the following information
into action, you may be able to lower your rate by a couple of percentage points.

Credit card companies love charging fees for any administrative thing they can.
Other people have eliminated these fees, and so can you. After you have completed
this assignment, you may have saved yourself hundreds of dollars in fees.

Why would a bigger credit line be important for you? It allows you to respond
quickly to time-sensitive requirements, without halting or compromising the
businesses operations.

Now for the assignment:

In order to make this work for you, you need to complete this telephone
assignment. It is not hard. I will give you an outline to follow. Follow this outline
and you will have a high chance for success in this exercise!

Decide which credit card company you are going to call first. Pull out your card.
The phone number for the company should be on the back of the card. Call it.

Here is the guideline on what you say… The words in bold are what you should

                                                                                 223