

How to raise $200,000 in 24 hours (The Banking Round Robin)

Many people have had opportunities presented to them where quick cash was
necessary. Most people are unable to take advantage of these great opportunities
because of a lack of cash.

A simple procedure is available whereby you can generate quick cash within 24
hours. The process is easy and quick but requires that you first make the
preparation and lay the groundwork for the plan. You can call this plan the banking
round robin.

Go to ten banks and tell the loan officer at each that you want to borrow $1000 for
30 days. Upon paying off your loans, wait 30 days and go back to each bank from
which you borrowed the original $1000. This time request a larger amount
depending on what you think the bank will loan, say $5000. If each bank approves
a $5000 loan you will be able to raise $50,000 the second time. Continue this step-
by-step process. Each time you go to the bank, ask for a larger amount and a longer
pay-back period.

What you are doing, of course, is establishing a millionaire’s credit rating by the
process of repetition. That is, you always pay back the money when it is due, and
by being prompt combined with the number of loans you've made and PAID, you
will have established a very powerful credit rating and relationship with the
institutions. In about one year after using this process, you should be able to
borrow $20,000 from each bank on your signature. Using ten banks in this plan,
you will be able to borrow up to $200,000 on your signature in as little as 24 hours.
This strategy can be applied with a corporation as well. If you’re personal credit is
challenged or you are not able to get approved for the $1,000 to start this process
you can also apply this strategy with your own funds. But remember the whole
point of this process is to build trust with the bank, so as soon and you have made a
few timely payments request to have the loan be changed from secured to
unsecured.

Establish AAA Corporate Credit in 30 Days

To work this plan you need at least $5,000 to begin. You should borrow this from
your friends if necessary. Now go to a bank of your choice, but they must report to
Dun & Bradstreet, and deposit the $5,000 into a C.D. or Money Market account
(we will call this bank A).


                                                                                 227