

Wait a few days for the account to be posted and return to Bank A to ask for a
$5,000 Business loan – you will offer the C.D. as collateral since the bank is
already holding your $5,000. Go to another bank (We will call this Bank B) and
open a business savings account and deposit the $5,000 loan from Bank A. Wait a
few days for the account to be posted and return to Bank B to ask for a $5,000
Business loan, repeating the previous process, they won't even make a credit check.
Then, with your borrowed $5,000 from Bank B, you go to another bank,(Bank C)
open a business savings account, return a few days later, borrow $5,000 from Bank
C using your Savings as collateral.

Then repeat the process at a Fourth bank (Bank D) with your borrowed $5,000
from Bank C. Wait a few days to go to a fifth (Bank E) where you open this time a
BUSINESS CHECKING account. Wait a few days and make a payment on each
of the other four loans. A week later, make the payments again on the four loans,
and continue paying each week. By making the first 3 payments you have
unfrozen equal amounts of cash in your C.D. account. You can now withdraw
enough money from your C.D. account to make your upcoming payments.
Continue In this manner until the loan is paid off. You'll still retain most of your
original $5,000 because it continues to draw interest while used as collateral. This
helps offset the interest charges you pay.

An Experian report at this point will show you with four active bank loans (which
are considered hard to get), a C.D. that carries the incentive of a major credit card a
checking account, and a paying history for the four bank loans - with you having
paid up in advance. Thus, you have a High Intelliscore in as little as 30 days. Now
you can go on to apply for Business loans, Business credit cards, and other items
on Corporate Credit.

How to Borrow Money Interest Free

There are a number of ways to borrow money interest-free if you take the time to
operate the methods. However, one of the simplest ways is to borrow it from a
bank, which offers "overdraft protection."

You've seen those offers by banks, which extend to you a loan for the amount you
overdraw your checking account. By setting up two or more (and the credit limits
can go up to $5000 each) you can write yourself a "loan" from one bank, cover the
loan with a deposit from another bank where you have overdraft checking, and
then repeat the process over a day or two.

                                                                                   228