

this year alone and that’s just in this country. The average number of lawsuits over
an individual’s lifetime is five, and at least one out of those five lawsuits will be
what is known as a “Devastating” lawsuit. As you begin to see, how much of a
problem litigation is in this country. You see how every individual should take
advantage of a corporation to protect their personal assets from Litigation. With
only 6% of all lawsuits being filed outside of the U.S. keeping ones assets offshore
is the best way to protect ones personal assets from litigation. Unfortunately in
America it does not matter whether you win or lose a lawsuit you are responsible
for your own legal fees, and the legal fees alone are enough to wipe out the average
family or small business. In other tax haven countries the looser of a lawsuit pays
for the legal fees of both parties. So that means if you sue me, and I win, not only
do you have to pay your legal fees, you have to pay for my legal fees that I
incurred because of the lawsuit as well. Because of this most individuals in
countries offshore think twice about suing other individuals. The reality of our
legal system is that people are named as defendants in lawsuits not because of their
degree of fault but because of their ability to pay. Now more than ever asset
protection needs to become a main concern in your Financial Planning. And a
Corporation, LLC, FLP, or Trust when structured properly is a great tool for one to
protect their personal assets from litigation.

Estate Planning

A corporation is a great tool for estate planning, they provide a convenient transfer
of wealth and assets to ones heirs, Assets that otherwise would be hard to transfer
or split evenly without being hit with heavy estate tax.

Some people consider estate planning to be the act of preparing for death, but it is
not. It is the act of preparing for life for your assets after you are gone.
Unfortunately people spend more time planning for their vacations then they do
their estates. A corporation can be used for disposing of property. One can transfer
selected assets to your newly organized corporation in exchange for the
corporation’s shares of stock. One can then bequeath or transfer the desired amount
of shares to your designated beneficiaries. The shares can be distributed all at once,
or to take advantage of the annual gift tax exclusions they can be distributed over a
period of years. A corporation can help one leave their assets to their heirs without
having to worry about probate or estate tax. One can have how much, when, and
how often they want the assets to be distributed to their heirs. When planning Your
Corporate Estate, it is wise to divide up your corporation among family members.


                                                                                  234