

For example: By giving 20% to each of your 3 children, 20% to your spouse, and
the other 20% to yourself, you have literally "wiped out" any ESTATE TAXES
that the government will ask your family for upon your death. Since the
corporation's ownership is held by other members of your family, and since your
spouse receives his or her portion of the corporation tax-free, the government
legally cannot collect any estate taxes. This method alone can save your family
and or spouse thousands and even millions of dollars!

Long-term Estate Planning

First you must establish a shelf corporation the reason you will form a shelf
corporation is because it sits on the shelf, it has no assets or liabilities so the stock
has no value. Since the corporation has no assets yet, the stock from the
corporation can be sold to your heirs at one cent per share, in whatever prorated
amounts you choose for how you want to have things divided among them. Since
the shares of stock have been sold to your heirs at one cent per share they cannot
be considered a gift. Now this stock, just like the stock traded on Wall Street it
goes up in value. Now when assets are put into the corporation it will increase the
value of your corporation and the net worth of you and your heirs.

Next, you take a proxy from your heirs this allows you to hold the stock even
though you don’t own it. Now make the proxy irrevocable so that your right to
vote is guaranteed. The proxy must be renewed every seven years in most states to
ensure this have your heir’s give you an option to buy the shares back at the initial
price of one cent per share. This option can be worded in such a way as to expire
upon your death so it will not go through probate. If you do not want to go through
the trouble of renewing the proxy you can form your corporation in Wyoming.
Wyoming has Lifetime proxy’s unlike other states that require you to renew
proxy’s every 7 seven years.

Now it’s time to commence capital infusions and all other assets into the
corporation in exchange for a promissory note, with interest payments only for ten
years and larger installments for principal and interest after ten years. The note will
expire upon death.

Putting your assets into the corporation will immediately increase the value of the
stock your heirs purchased. An added bonus is there are no taxes until the
corporation pays dividends or the stock is resold. So again, you put your assets in


                                                                                     235