

the corporation, get a return on them, then eventually when you past on, the note
expires and the assets end up with your heirs.

This strategy allows you to still control all of your assets because of the proxy. Yet
your heirs own the assets before your demise, which means no estate taxes,
inheritance taxes, or probate drama. You still keep and retain complete control of
all the assets and legally reduce or eliminate all inheritance taxes.

Another option to selling regular shares of stock to your heirs and taking a proxy
would be to sell them non-voting common stock of the corporation so you control
all the voting shares. Their stock will remain in non-voting shares until your death
at which time their shares would then turn to voting shares and whatever
percentage you have left would then be passed on to your heirs. The benefit of this
would be you could give the assets to your heirs for future benefit without their
interference until your percentages of the assets are released at the time of your
demise. Most individuals are Leary about handing over their assets to their heirs
because they are afraid that when they become old enough they will lose control
over their assets, or their concerned as to how their children are going to manage
the assets. But with these strategies in place you do not have to worry about losing
control over your assets or your children mismanaging the money. However it will
not stop your heirs from mismanaging the assets after you are gone. You must put
in the Bylaws of the corporation when and how you want the assets to be
dispersed. This keeps your heirs form blowing all the money on a weekend of
gambling in Vegas! Trust me it can happen.

Family Limited Partnerships

The Family Limited Partnership (FLP) has become known in recent years as one of
the most effective tools for asset protection. According to a Forbes article titled
“Cut Your Taxes in Half,” not a few individuals have used this technique to cut
down on estate tax by as much as 90 percent. Family Limited Partnerships, with
other strategies, offer excellent advantages and opportunities for estate planning.

The Family Limited Partnership (FLP) is a type of limited partnership designed to
protect individual and family assets. It consists of at least one or more limited
partners, and one or more General partners. The general partner manages all the
day-to-day business affairs of the partnership and directly influences business
decisions. He also has control over the assets of the partnership. The limited
partner is more like a stockholder – he can invest in the company and earn income

                                                                                  236