

from it, but his control is limited to voting on certain corporate matters. One person
or corporation can play both general and limited partner, as long as there are two or
more persons involved in the partnership (married couples are considered one
person).

The Family Limited Partnership (FLP) is a vital part of any asset protection plan. It
is especially useful for reducing income and estate taxes for individual members,
as well as protecting family wealth and estate privacy. Not to mention it allows
complete control over family assets while protecting it from unfair claims and
lawsuits.

A family can use an FLP to hold personal assets and protect them from liabilities,
especially in case of a lawsuit. By placing one’s assets in the name of the FLP, one
can get rid of personal liabilities while still enjoying full control over their assets.
This way, even when you face lawsuits outside of the partnership’s affairs,
creditors cannot claim your assets or gain any control over the company.

This is made possible by the Uniform Partnership Act. The law is based on the
principle that a partner should not have to pay for the debt of another. Under the
Act, creditors of an individual partner cannot access the assets of the partnership to
pay off individual debts. Since the asset is legally owned by the partnership, it is
safely out of reach of the creditor.

FLP’s are considered a “pass through” entity, which means the income is directly
passed on from the company to the individuals. Because it technically doesn’t have
income of its own, it is completely exempt from income tax. The owners file an
informational tax return every year stating their income and expenses, but do not
pay taxes on the net income. The taxes are assumed by the individual partners, who
can then structure their finances in a way that is most profitable to them. This is
why many people use limited partnerships for the tax deductions for real estate and
tax shelter investments.

“Nominee” Corporations

Since the general partner is the one with more corporate control, he has the right to
decide whether or not to distribute income to a given limited partner. To protect
their interests, many Family Limited Partnerships opt to form a Nevada
Corporation that allows Nominee officers. The Nominee Corporation would
assume the role of the general partner. This offers the following advantages:


                                                                                    237