

Privacy of ownership: A Nominee Corporation can provide a great deal of
privacy, and more importantly, it makes it difficult to prove the nature of the
arrangement. The reason the corporation has to be formed in Nevada is that
Nevada law is notably pro-business, allowing the use of nominee officers as
official representatives of the company.

Protection from lawsuits: It is hard for creditors to claim stocks from a general
partner Nominee Corporation, unless the client himself owns it. The corporation
will have to distribute the stocks to the limited partnership interests, which will
require a separate, but inherently weak lawsuit from the creditor.

Management income: As a general partner, the corporation can charge
management fees and distribute funds in any way – use it to pay employees, buy
insurance, provide benefits, or purchase retirement plans.

Transferability of ownership: Since a corporation’s shares can be sold, a general
partnership corporation can easily be transferred from one owner to another.

No fraudulent transfers: In most cases, the general partnership corporation owns
only a 1% interest in the Family Limited Partnership, which can be transferred for
value. For-value transactions are hard to prove as fraudulent, providing further
protection against lawsuits.

The first step in forming a FLP is filing a Certificate of Limited Partnership with
the Secretary of State. The owners will be required to fill out a form with the
names and addresses of all general partners, but not the limited partners. Again it is
wise to form a Nominee Corporation in Nevada to take advantage of Nevada’s
privacy laws; otherwise the information will be available to the public.

Along with the Certificate of Limited Partnership, the partners must also submit a
written partnership agreement. This agreement states, among other things, the
purpose of the partnership, the profit and capital shares, roles of the general
partners, and the degree of influence held by the limited partners.


If the Family Limited Partnership is created for asset protection and estate
planning, the agreement must also outline the key provisions leading towards the
objective. These provisions should be designed so that creditors cannot influence
the affairs of the partnership, and that the general partners (usually the husband and
wife) always have complete control of the assets until they are deceased. At which

                                                                                  238