

point the control over the assets will be transferred to the limited partners (your
heirs).

The next step is to plan out the funding of the partnership by deciding which assets
can be transferred and how it can be done. To do this, it is important to distinguish
between safe and dangerous assets. Dangerous assets are those that carry a high
risk of lawsuits, while safe assets do not. Stocks and bonds are generally
considered safe assets, while business assets such as corporations and LLCs are
dangerous. The difference is significant because you don’t want dangerous assets
as part of your Family Limited Partnership.

Dangerous assets: Dangerous assets should also be separated from each other and
from safe assets, especially if they include real estate holdings. The best way to do
so is to treat them as separate entities, usually by holding them in a real estate
privacy trust or a limited liability company (LLC). This is because the liabilities
associated with them can be isolated in the trust or LLC, rather than held by any
one of the members.

Safe assets: In most cases, safe assets can be contained together in a single Family
Limited Partnership. Family homes are considered safe assets because liabilities
are usually covered by insurance, but there are also tax issues involved when
transferring them to the Family Limited Partnership. According to Section 163 of
the Internal Revenue Code, one can get deductions for “qualified residence
interest,” or the taxpayer’s primary residence. This means that the mortgage
interest deductions will not be affected in any way by transferring to the FLP.
Other assets you can transfer to a Family Limited Partnership include:

Bank and brokerage accounts: These are considered safe assets because they
have no potential liability. Bank and brokerage accounts can be created in the
name of the Family Limited Partnership by simply presenting a copy of the
Certificate of Limited Partnership and the company’s taxpayer identification
number.

Other interests: Family Limited Partnerships are great for holding interests in
other entities, such as businesses, real estate LLCs, and real estate privacy trusts.
However, note that the Family Limited Partnership can only hold interest in the
entity, but take part in the business. Otherwise, the Family Limited Partnership can
face a lawsuit and lose all its assets.



                                                                                 239