

Family Living Trust ownership: Usually, the role of the Family Living Trust is to
hold 99% of the ownership of the Family Limited Partnership, with the general
partner holding the remaining 1%. It can also hold interest in other safe assets,
which provides excellent opportunities for tax savings, estate planning, and asset
protection.

Other advantages of Family Limited Partnerships:

Centralized control: In a Family Limited Partnership, all family assets are
controlled from a single entity. This makes transferring to children much easier,
because it only involves changing directors rather then the whole re-titling process.

Privacy: As a limited partnership, the Family Limited Partnership is not required
to disclose who controls the general partner corporation. To transfer control, the
old manager only has to resign and make way for the new one.

Use as a prenuptial agreement: Because the two parties’ rights can be outlined in
the partnership agreement, each spouse can manage their own single-member
LLCs as part of the Family Limited Partnership while retaining joint ownership.

Easy liquidation: When the partners wish to terminate the Family Limited
Partnership, the process is much easier than that of trusts, corporations, or other
organizational structures.

Tax Savings

Nevada is a tax free state; there are no corporate or personal income taxes. This
why more corporations are choosing Nevada as their domicile over other states like
California that has a 9.3% tax on anything over $39,133 of personal income. With
the proper strategies applied any income over $7,000 on $100,000 of income can
remain in your corporation. To accomplish this first you must establish a Nevada
Limited Liability Company (Your Private LLC no one knows you own this Corp
except you and your lawyer) to work in conjunction with your Current Home
Corporation (Your Public Corporation everyone knows you own this Corp). Set the
Nevada LLC in place to where it will be providing Consulting and leasing
equipment or property to your non-Nevada corporation. Your Nevada LLC (Your
Private LLC) can act as a consultant, supplier, marketing & advertising service,
and or financier to your Home Corporation (Public Corp). Your Home Corp. can



                                                                                 240