

then divert the profits that would be taxed and direct them to your Nevada LLC
where there is no state tax.

Multiple Corporation strategy

Although a corporation provides numerous tax benefits and protects its
shareholders from litigation. However a corporation alone is not the best shield
against litigation. But with the right structure in place one can protect their
personal assets and lessen their tax liability.

The following is an example of how the Multiple Corporation strategy works to
protect assets form litigation and save money on taxes:

The main premise to the Multiple Corporation strategy is, “you cannot squeeze
blood out of a dry turnip!” if you have no profits there is nothing to tax, and if you
have no assets you cannot pay any liens, or judgments.

It is perfectly legal to use one of your corporations to do business with another one
of your corporations to reduce the corporations’ profits and assets to near zero. For
the Multiple Corporation Strategy, to work it requires two corporations, one in
your home state we will call it public corp. & one in another state we will call this
one Private LLC this is your holding company. I recommend Nevada because there
is no state tax or usury laws, which means your Private LLC can charge whatever
interest it wants to your home corp.

Public corp. is the Corporation that you use to interact with the public. Everyone
knows that you own this business so it would be pretty hard to prove otherwise in
front of a judge. Since this is the Corporation that deals with your clients, patients,
customers, suppliers etc. your business or practice is always at risk of being sued.

Private LLC is the corp. that owns all the most valuable assets. Only you and
your attorney will know you own this LLC. Private LLC. does not interact with the
public. It only does business with the public corp. and any other corporations that
you own. It protects public corps assets from litigation, and minimizes taxes.




                                                                                   241