

holds deeds, pink slips, and titles, own trademarks and copyrights and hold the
public corps stock.

Here is another example of the multiple corporation strategy. Let’s say your Public
Corp is a car dealership. You could have your Nevada LLC (Your Private Limited
Liability Company) purchase the vehicles from your current supplier then mark
them up to near retail value, and sell them to your Public Corp so they can be
resold at full retail value. What you have just done is left all of the profit from the
sale of the vehicles in tax free Nevada and reduced or eliminated any state tax that
your company would have had to pay had you left the profit in your Home Corp.
When this strategy is implemented in a high tax state like California, your overall
tax savings can be substantial.




Becoming Debt Free With Your Corporation

Here is one of the techniques that many wealthy individuals use to purchase real
estate, protect their assets and stay personally debt free:

Let’s say you build your corporations corporate credit to the point where you have
obtained various lines of credit with no limits. This means you can generate capital
on demand for any purpose, purchase, product, or project/business venture within
24 hours. Now let’s say you purchase a new home with one of your lines of credit,
once the property is purchased outright (paid in full with the line of credit), the
ownership can be transferred or sold to any person, entity, company, trust, etc.
once the instrument(s) that is burdened with the initial debt has been satisfied. This
means if your home, boat, car etc. is now free and clear of debt, and the ownership
is transferred to another entity or trust etc. in the event the corporation that is
burdened with the initial debt form the instrument looses a lawsuit or files bankrupt
for any reason. You and any of your other corporations or trusts will not be held
liable for the corporation’s debt, thus protecting you and any of your entities

                                                                                   244