

Homestead Declaration
A homestead law helps to protect you from losing your home to creditors. If you
are sued for money in court and lose, the person who sued you will receive a
judgment from the court. If you do not pay the judgment, they can then try to
collect the judgment by garnishing your wages, having your automobile sold or by
having you home sold. The homestead law protects a certain amount of your equity
(the amount of equity depends on the state) in your home from being taken to pay
the judgment.

UCC-1 Liens

Just like a mortgage lender would file a lien on your property for the amount that
was loaned out on the house to protect their investment. You can apply the same
strategy to protect your equity in any given asset, especially a real estate property.
For example when you buy a house with no money down for $1,000,000 that is
worth a million dollars, there is no equity because there is a lien on the property for
a million dollars and like the saying goes you can’t squeeze blood out of a dry
turnip.

Misconceptions about Protecting Your Property

Most people believe that when they put their property under a Trust, LLC or any
other entity structure for that matter, they believe that there property and the equity
in it are protected from a lawsuit. Now it is true that you and your other personal
assets are protected from anything that may go wrong with the property, and the
property is protected from anything that may go wrong in your personal life. But if
the property is at fault and there is equity in the property then that equity would be
at risk of being taken to pay the judgment. By filing UCC-1 liens and a Homestead
Declaration on the property you can avoid this common nightmare.


Remember putting a property or any other asset with value in an entity
structure will protect you from anything that may go wrong the asset and the
asset from anything that may go wrong with you. And filing a UCC-1 Lien
with the secretary of state allows you to protect the equity. Asset protection
does not equal equity protection.



                                                                                   248