

How to Stop Paying Property Taxes on Your Home or Office Building

The way to do this is to sign over the title of your home or office building to your
non-profit organization that you form. You can form your own church or
organization and apply for the tax-exempt status at your county courthouse.

Or, you can sign over the title of your home or office building to your local church
or other non-profit organization if you do not wish for it to go to your heirs. Under
this arrangement, you retain lifetime habitation rights although the property
belongs to the local non-profit organization.

Land Trusts

The simple title holding trusts was originally started in Illinois, so they are often
called Illinois Land Trusts. A land trust is an arrangement in which real property is
entrusted to a person or entity, known as a trustee, to eliminate the legal burdens of
owning or selling real estate. In effect, the owner’s real property (the land itself) is
converted to personal property (beneficial ownership of the land). That way, it is
treated like any other personal property, making it easier to handle.

A land trust is created by a person or legal entity capable of entering a contract. In
a land trust, the trustee holds the title to the property, but the owner (known as the
beneficiary, since the legal owner is the trustee) has full control and enjoys all the
benefits from the property.

For additional anonymity, it is possible to provide the land trust Trustee with you
still having full signing authority for any and all changes to the land trust.

The beneficiary can do as he likes with the trust – add more property, terminate,
transfer ownership – as if it were still in his name. This is because under the
contract, they are still considered the owners. The trustee simply takes care of the
legal processes, such as executing the deeds and mortgages. The trustee only acts
as directed in writing by the beneficiary. That way, the trustee’s “ownership” of the
property is strictly limited to the legal sense.

Many cities and counties charge hefty transfer taxes when someone sells property
to another person. They often reassess the property taxes and the taxes may be
increased considerably. In California, it is possible that the property taxes could
increase by several times. With a land trust, it is possible to privately transfer the
beneficial interest in the trust (the actual ownership) without reporting to any

                                                                                    249