

governmental agency. This is because a person's interest as a beneficiary of a land
trust is considered personal property under the law. This can be extremely
beneficial when buying out a partner or spouses interest in a property, or if you
wish to deed the property as a gift to children or grandchildren. If the beneficiary
wishes to transfer ownership, he or she only has to assign the interest and the
trustee will take care of the rest. This is especially useful in transferring the
property to the owner’s heirs. If the property is transferred after the owner’s death,
re-titling is often a long and costly process. By entering a land trust, the trustee
only has to transfer the property to the heir’s name as necessary.

Property held in a land trust can be designated for transfer of ownership whenever
you desire. Your spouse, children or other successors can bypass costly and time
consuming probate proceedings and can sell or refinance the property without
delay. Probates often take years to settle. With a land trust your heirs could sell
immediately and avoiding making payments on the property they inherit but don't
wish to keep.

The Legal ownership of all property is listed with the county recorder's office in all
counties. That means your ownership information is available to anyone who
wants it. That is why property owners are constantly solicited by mortgage brokers
to apply for new loans. With a land trust, your interest in the property remains
confidential. A land trust offers a way to maintain privacy regarding real estate
ownership.

Many people advise real estate investors to place their property in LLC's and
corporations. While this does provide protection for some investors, it does not
provide much more protection than a land trust alone provides. In fact in some
cases it makes it worse since LLC's are public information. Also there are
considerable costs involved with LLC's. There are annual filing obligations, taxes
(minimum $800 per year in California) and accounting costs. None of which is
necessary.

With a Land Trust it is possible to protect your credit report. Public recordings
related to your property will show up on your personal credit report, thereby
lowering your fico, and hindering your ability to receive more credit. When the
title to property is held in a land trust, any liens relating to your property will not
report to your personal credit report. This allows you time to work out the problem
more favorably since it does not appear on your reports.


                                                                                   250