

Liens, judgments, and claims by city and county government usually attach to
property held by an individual in his or her name, or as a co-owner with others.
This can make the property more difficult to sell or refinance. Where the same
property is held in a land trust, legal matters affecting the beneficiaries do not pass
through to the subject property.

Bottom line if you’re tired of being hounded by telephone solicitors, such as
mortgage brokers calling you constantly, simply because they know you own
property or if you want to minimize your risk of being a target of an overzealous
lawyer simply because he knows that you own real estate then put all of your Real
Property in a Land Trust.

Living Trusts

A trust is an arrangement under which one person, called a trustee, holds legal title
to property for another person, called a beneficiary. You can be the trustee of your
own living trust, keeping full control over all property held in trust.

A "living trust" (also called an "inter vivos" trust by lawyers who can't give up
Latin) is simply a trust you create while you're alive, rather than one that is created
at your death under the terms of your will.

Different kinds of living trusts can help you avoid probate, reduce estate taxes or
set up long-term property management.


The Inside Secrets to Trusts & Personal Tax Shelters

Everybody wants to keep as much of the money they earn as possible. Those
people in the higher income brackets are forever looking for a way to protect their
money from Uncle Sam. Thus the idea of personal tax shelters, the thing is, how
can you tell which ones are the good ones, and which ones are the bad ones. Tax
shelters can certainly "keep your money out of the hands of the IRS" - but some of
them can cost you dearly as well. Generally, all real estate purchases have definite
tax advantage. In even the simplest kind of transaction such as buying a better
home for your family, you'll be able to deduct from your gross income the amount
you pay in mortgage interest and property taxes. If you rent out your old house, or
buy a house as a rental property, you'll be allowed to deduct all your expenses from
the rent you receive. You can also deduct the depreciation on the house, based on

                                                                                   251