

the cost or on the market value at the time the house was converted to a rental
property, whichever is lower. You also have the option to compute your
depreciation over 15-years, which would probably give you a tax loss even though
the property is producing a cash income for you. Remember, you cannot claim
depreciation on the value of the land, only for the cost of the house. Until 1981,
you could not deduct losses on a property rented to relatives - however that rule
has been repealed and now makes family tax savings available in certain situations
when you rent to relatives. Be sure to check with your local IRS Office for
complete details.

So-called Clifford Trusts are tax shelters that shift the gross income of a company
or family bread-winner to other family members in lower tax brackets. An
income-producing property is transferred to a trust, which must be set up to last 10
years and a day. The beneficiary receives the income during this period, and then
the property reverts back to the grantor. This type of trust is often used to
accumulate money for children, who can use it for higher education or for a start in
a career or business of their own. You should bear in mind when setting up such a
trust however, that parents have a legal duty to support their minor children and
thus, a trust cannot be set up to be used for that purpose.

Equipment Leasing Programs are another common income-sheltering method.
Most of these programs can be combined with a trust. Here's how they work: The
owner of a business sets up a trust for a family member. Business property or
equipment is transferred to the trust, and then leased back to the business. The
trust gets the income, and the business gets a deduction for the rental fees it pays.
From another angle, the trust could buy equipment for lease to the business and get
deductions for interest and other expenses involved. Investment tax credit can also
sometimes be claimed in non-net-lease situations.

Making interest-free loans is another method of sheltering one's income. Say you
lend several thousand dollars to a son or daughter who invests the money. The
borrower gets the income, and you eventually get your money back. If you're in
the 50% tax bracket and the borrower is in the 25% bracket, your tax savings can
be considerable.

Investing in Municipal Bonds is definitely a means of sheltering your income.
Income from these bonds is tax free, but it's generally lower than from other types
of investments. Municipal Bonds pay at a fixed rate of interest. Relative to other


                                                                                 252