

kinds of investments you could make, you'll lose on Municipals if interest rates go
up, and win only if the interest rates on other investments go down.

By now, everyone knows about IRA's and Keogh plans for the self-employed.
You put money into a personal retirement trust and pay no taxes on it until you
actually withdraw from it. Some companies give their employees a chance to set
up their own retirement accounts, thereby deferring part of their gross incomes
until after they retire. However, deferring income until after one retires is no longer
as attractive as it used to be, particularly if your tax rate is not expected to change
after retirement. If you don't anticipate a lower tax bracket after you retire, it's
generally better to take all your income now and invest it in high yield growth
funds that will mean more money for you in your retirement years.

There are innumerable ways and methods to shelter your gross income from the tax
collectors, all of them legal. The important thing is to check them out with your
tax preparer and decide which would be best for you.

You Can’t Squeeze Blood Out of A Dry Turnip

If we control IT but not own IT they cannot take IT, because they cannot take
from you that which you do not own. That’s why we should never own stock but if
we do we should only own it as long as it’s necessary. Because Stock shows
ownership, and the key is to control not own. There is nothing wrong with owning
stock as long as you are not sued when you own it. So it is ok to own stock when
you are required to by a creditor to own stock of a corporation as the guarantor of
the corporation, but as soon as the transaction is complete transfer the ownership of
the stock back to your private corporation.

For example let’s say you’re in a profession that requires a license you can create a
resolution to elect certain members to a licensing committee. The resolution should
read as follows:

“We the board, vote and elect that everyone named in the Licensing committee can
state he/she controls up to 100% of stock (up to means 1-100%). They do not own
the stock for a personal nature; they own the stock for licensing purposes only.”




                                                                                   253