

Asset Protection does not protect the Asset

It is true that a setting up the proper entities and structuring them correctly will
protect you and your family from any personal liability, but what about the asset?
Here’s a real life example let’s say someone slipped and fell on one of your
properties because you have a property manager that does not do a very good job,
you told them to fix the loose stair in unit 1, they say they fixed it when it was
never really done. The tenant in unit 1 happens to slip and fall on the loose stair
and injures themselves and wants to sue. It’s a good thing you had it in a land trust
with an LLC as the beneficiary, thus protecting you from any personal liability
whatsoever. But what about the property since you did not take the proper steps to
protect the equity you could risk losing the house.With the property being at fault
for the accident, if there is equity in the property to take to pay the judgment then
the equity will most likely be at risk of being taken. This is a horrible chain of
events and could be avoided by putting liens on all of your assets that have equity
in them. For example if your house is worth $500,000 and you owe $400,000. In
order to protect the $100,000 that you have in equity, you can have a private
corporation that you control place a second position lien of $100,000 on the house
by filing a UCC-1 lien with the secretary of state. And to protect any future equity
you can have another corporation place a third position lien of $50,000 on the
house. Now in the event of a lawsuit not only do you not own anything for them to
take from you, but everything you control has several liens on them. This strategy
can be applied with any asset or possession that you may value.

How to Disappear into Corporate America

Apply for a Tax ID for your corporation, then apply for a Tax ID for your division,
then have division apply for a Tax ID for the corporation. Then cancel the original
Tax ID for the corporation that is attached to your social security number. By
canceling the Tax ID for the corporation you will have erased any traces leading
back to you, thus providing ultimate anonymity.

How to Get Free Travel

If possible, appoint yourself as President of your own non-profit organization and
have the organization supply you with business attire and a "free" vehicle. It will
all be expenses. If your organization is a church related corporation, you could
tour Europe for free - to visit Church cathedrals as an example. A Church can raise
money by "selling" charters, degrees, and other cheap paper for hundreds of

                                                                                 254