



                                    Chapter 15
                         Survival Tips for Small Businesses

                      “If it sounds too good to be true it probably is”


You may be in Mail Order, Direct Mail, or you may be a local merchant with 150
employees; whichever, however or whatever - you've got to know how to keep
your business alive during economic recessions. Anytime the cash flow in a
business, large or small, starts to tighten up, the money management of that
business has to be run as a "tight ship."

Some of the things you can and should do include protecting yourself from
expenditures made on sudden impulse. We've all bought merchandise or services
we really didn't need simply because we were in the mood, or perhaps in response
to the flamboyancy of the advertising or the persuasiveness of the salesperson.
Then we sort of "wake up" a couple of days later and find that we've committed
hundreds of dollars of business funds for an item or service that's not essential to
the success of our own business, when really pressing items had been waiting for
those dollars.

A Corporation can eliminate these "impulse purchases " by including in your by-
laws a clause that states: "All purchasing decisions over (a certain amount) are
contingent upon approval by the board of directors." This will force you to
consider any "impulse purchases" of considerable cost, and may even be a
reminder in the case of smaller purchases.

While you may think you cannot afford it, be sure that you don't "short-change"
yourself on professional services. This would apply especially during a time of
emergency. Anytime you commit yourself and move ahead without completely
investigating all the angles, and preparing yourself for all the contingencies that
may arise, you're skating on thin ice. Regardless of the costs involved, it always
pays off in the long run to seek out the advice of experienced professionals before
embarking on a plan that could ruin you.




                                                                                257