

As an example, an experienced business consultant can fill you in on the 1244
stock advantages. Getting eligibility for the 1244 stock category is a very simple
process, but one with tremendous benefits to your business.

The 1244 status encourages investors to put equity capital into your business
because in the event of a loss, amounts up to the entire sum of the investment can
be written off in the current year. Without the "1244" classification, any losses
would have to be spread over several years, and this, of course, would greatly
lessen the attractiveness of your company's stock. Any business owner who has
not filed the 1244 corporation has in effect cut himself off from 90 percent of his
prospective investors.

Particularly when sales are down, you must be "hard-nosed" with people trying to
sell you luxuries for your business. When business is booming, you undoubtedly
will allow sales people to show you new models of equipment or a new line of
supplies; but when your business is down, skip the entertaining frills and
concentrate on the basics. Great care must be taken however, to maintain courtesy
and allow these sellers to consider you as a friend and call back at another time.

Your company's books should reflect your way of thinking, and whoever maintains
them should generate information according to your policies. Thus, you should
hire an outside accountant or accounting firm to figure your return on your
investment, as well
as the turnover on your accounts receivable and inventory. Such an audit or survey
should focus in depth on any or every item within your financial statement that
merits special attention. In this way, you'll probably uncover any potential
financial problems before they become readily apparent, and certainly before they
could get out of hand.

Many small companies set up advisory boards of outside professional people.
These are sometimes known as Power Circles and once in place, the business
always benefits, especially in times of short operating capital. Such an advisory
board or power circle should include an attorney, a certified public accountant,
civic club leaders, owners or managers of businesses similar to yours, and retired
executives. Setting up such an advisory board of directors is really quite easy,
because most people you ask will be honored to serve. Once your board is set up,
you should meet about once a month and present material for review. Each
meeting should be a discussion of your business problems and an input from your
advisors relative to possible solutions. These members of your board of advisors

                                                                               258