

should offer you advice as well as alternatives, and provide you with objectivity.
No formal decisions need to be made either at your board meeting, or as a result of
them, but you should be able to gain a great deal from the suggestions you hear.

You will find that most of your customers have the money to pay at least some of
what they owe you immediately. To keep them current, and the number of
accounts receivable in your files to a minimum, you should call them on the phone
and ask for some kind of explanation why they're falling behind. If you develop
such a habit as part of your operating procedure, you'll find your invoices will
magically be drawn to the front of their piles of bills to pay. While maintaining a
courteous attitude, don't be hesitant, or too much of a "nice guy" when it comes to
collecting money.

By all means, join your industry's local and national trade associations. Most of
these organizations have a wealth of information available on everything from
details on your competitors to average industry sales figures, new products,
services, and trends.

If you are given a membership certificate or wall plaque, you should display these
conspicuously on you office wall. Customers like to see such "seals of approval"
and feel additional confidence in your business when they see them.

Still another thing often overlooked: If at all possible, you should have your spouse
work in the business with you for at least three or four weeks per year. The
important thing is that if for any reason you are not available to run the business,
your spouse will be familiar with certain people and situations about your business.
These people should include your attorney, accountant, any consultants or
advisors, creditors and your major suppliers. The long-term advantages of having
your spouse work four weeks per year in your business with you will greatly
outweigh the short-term inconvenience. Many couples share responsibility and
time entirely, which is in most cases even more desirable.

Whenever you can, and as often as you need it, take advantage of whatever free
business counseling is available. The Small Business Administration published
many excellent booklets, checklists and brochures on quite a large variety of
businesses. These publications are available through the U.S. Government Printing
Office. Most local universities, and many private organizations hold seminars at
minimal cost, and often without charge. You should also take advantage of the
services offered by your bank and local library.

                                                                                 259