

jump at any high price expert and professionals claiming that they can get your
business financing of up to $250,000 with no personal guarantee no matter what
your personal credit score is. Now I am not saying that this not possible if you have
read this whole manual this far then you will see I have shown you several ways to
make it possible. I am just saying there are a lot of snakes out there who will
promises all these fabulous things like Black Cards, Bentleys, and boats all with no
P.G. and they say it is all possible as soon as you pay them or within a few weeks,
months etc. do not believe these people ask them if they have done this themselves
and some clients they have worked with in the past. You can go on D&B’s website
and order a report on any company you just have to pay for it. If they are reluctant
to give you a reference then I would end the conversation right there. People that
ask for money up front before they perform anything are usually crooks unless they
are selling products or information on corporate credit. If they give you something
tangible then it is your discretion whether you want to buy it or not.

Beware of companies that offer to get you corporate credit cards and lines of credit
from department stores. Though it is true they can get you approved for trade credit
form a department store, trade credit may not be what the company needs at the
present time. If your company needs $20,000 for a company car then $20,000 in
trade credit from OfficeMax would not help your company unless OfficeMax starts
selling cars. There are a whole bunch of websites that offer ways to accelerate the
corporate credit building process. The opportunity to speed up any process is
VERY tempting. These "corporate credit professionals" are brilliant marketers they
understand that idea and it makes their offers very tempting and hard to resist!
Unfortunately many of these programs provide out-of-date information that is
simply no longer valid.

There are a few reputable high-end accounting and legal firms that will assist you
in legitimately forming a corporation and building your corporate credit. But this
process takes months and this is to their advantage. There is nothing that lawyers
and accountants love better than projects that take months (or years). They LOVE
billing you monthly for their services!

Scams you want to avoid when building business credit:

"You can use business credit instead of personal credit if your credit is
ruined."



                                                                                 262