

These companies actually tell you to go get an Employer Identification Number to
replace your Social Security Number, and use it to establish a business credit
rating! This particular scam is so common that even the Federal Trade Commission
warns against it on their web site. Don’t fall for it! You do want to get a E.I.N
number for your business but this does not replace your S.S.N, remember the goal
of Incorporating and building Corporate Credit is to separate you from your
business.

"You can build business credit overnight."

Don’t be misled by those companies that tell you they can get you a great business
credit profile in just a few weeks from scratch. Building a business credit profile is
just like building a personal one. There are steps you must take, and it takes time.
But there are strategies like the ones I have shown you to shorten the process.

"You can buy a good business credit rating."

Whatever you do, don't buy an unknown aged corporation to get credit unless it has
all of the items in the seven steps chapter in place and up to date. If no then it's a
lousy investment. Here's what happened to one of my friends. Recently, he saw
one of those early morning get rich quick infomercials on T.V. So he calls them up
and they tell him they can help him establish a business credit rating immediately
and it would give him $250,000 in unsecured credit guaranteed. How my buddy
says? He'd have to pay $25,000 for an 'aged corporation' My Buddy said, "Let me
have the company's name and DUNS number so I can check it out". The scam
artist said, “That's not how we do business”. Fortunately, my buddy wisely said
“No Thanks.” But you can bet there were other uninformed people out there that
did not know which questions to ask who were willing to pay to get business
credit, without knowing what they were getting. Typically these types of
companies have a bad history or debt file or no real history at all; and the credit
reporting agencies look for this type of unscrupulous business practice and they
will list any such company setup as “HIGH RISK”. I recommend you start from
scratch but if you do choose to buy a aged corporation make sure it is thoroughly
researched and has all the seven steps before you purchase it.

Aged Employer Identification Number (EIN)

Many business owners have scoured the internet expressing interest in a shelf
corporation that has an aged EIN. Although the application of the EIN can

                                                                                  263