

Credit.net by InfoUSA (Formerly Business Credit USA)
ClientChecker
(For a comprehensive listing of U.S. and international business credit bureaus refer
to the business credit bureaus chapter)

What's a good business credit score?

D&B’s business credit score is known as a Paydex Score. Paydex Scores range
from 0-100 and a score above 80+ is considered a good score.

Experian's business credit score is known as an Intelliscore. Intelliscores range
from 0-100 and a score of 80+ is considered a good credit score.

Should I pay a consultant to build Corporate Credit for my corporation?

Over 90% of the steps in the process of building business credit have to be
performed by someone within your company. If you hire a consultant, you'll still
have to apply for credit and pay your bills on time in order to create trade
references with the bureaus. A consultant can show you where to apply and how
to best set-up your profile.

Can I use my cell phone as my business phone?

We recommend using a “landline” as your primary business phone number. This
allows you to list with 411 with no problem; D&B checks to see if you are listed
with 411 as part of their investigation process. If they cannot find your company,
they might red-flag you. You can forward your landline calls to your business cell
phone, I recommend that you have a live person answer the business phone then
forward your calls as needed.

Can I be a sole proprietor and have business credit?

Yes and no. You can get business credit by being a DBA, but it is not
recommended because as an individual you are limited. Plus you will be putting
you and your family at an unnecessary risk. Again a corporation is a legal person.
It has its own “birth certificate,” called a corporate charter, and its own “Social
Security number,” called an Employer Identification Number. A corporation can
buy real estate and other businesses, and it can have credit. A corporation can even
have offspring, in the form of divisions. Remember lenders prefer lending to

                                                                                269