

corporations over individuals. As a sole proprietor creditors will use your personal
credit to make a credit decision on your business because you are your business.
Creditors will not grant your business credit without a personal guarantee.

I heard that getting corporate credit is fast and easy and that you can get
approved instantly. Is this true?

If your corporation qualifies, then you can get corporate credit quickly and easily.
With a new corporation it’s different. It takes time to build corporate credit just
like it takes time to build personal credit. However, there are other ways like the
ones I have shown you to build corporate credit rapidly. A possible way to
expedite the process would be to take over an existing business or purchase a shelf
corporation that has all of the items we discussed in the shelf corporation section.

What kinds of Corporate Credit are available?

There are two types of Corporate Credit available: Cash Credit and Trade/vendor
Credit.

Cash Credit is the credit you get from credit cards- such as Visa, Master Card, and
American Express as well as lines of credit from lending institutions.

Trade/Vendor Credit is credit from stores such as Office Max, Office Depot,
Home Depot, Lowe’s etc.

How Much Corporate Credit Can I obtain?

It is Unlimited the skies is the limit.

Is it better to buy an existing business?

According to some business experts, buying an existing business is the safest and
easiest way to go into business. It’s easier to get financing to purchase an existing
business than for starting a new one. This is because bankers and investors
generally feel more comfortable dealing with a business that has been in business
for a few years with a proven track record.

In general, buying an existing business is less risky than starting from scratch.
When you buy a business, you take over an operation that is already generating
cash flow and profits. You have an established customer base and reputation, and

                                                                                 270