

employees who are familiar with all aspects of the business. You don't have to
“reinvent the wheel” by setting up new procedures, systems, and policies because
the formula for running the business successfully has already been established.

Incorporation Q&A’s

What are the different types of corporations?
Refer to the business entities chapter to learn about the different entities.
Do I need an attorney to form a corporation?

No, an attorney is not a legal requirement to form a corporation. You can prepare
and file the articles of incorporation yourself; however, you need to be thoroughly
versed in the laws of your state. You can use our service to incorporate and save
money on attorney fees. However, if you are unsure if incorporation will benefit
your business, consult an attorney or accountant.
What are the Articles of Incorporation?
The articles of incorporation declare the desire of an individual or group to
become a corporation. It spells out certain minimum information about the
corporation that is required by the laws of the state. It may also contain specific
information about the corporation that needs to be made public record, like
restrictions on the transfer of stock.
What is an annual meeting and is it required?
The annual meeting is a meeting held once a year to review the results of
corporate operations. To make sure that shareholders are informed about their
investments in the corporation, corporations are required by most state laws to
hold annual meetings of the shareholders as well. Annual meetings are also held
to choose directors and/or officers as the positions become available. Failure to
follow these and other corporate formalities can have serious legal consequences
for the corporation, including holding shareholders personally liable in some
situations. Please consult your legal counsel for additional information, and to
ensure that your business complies with all legal formal requirements.
Where does the corporation obtain its corporate seal, stock certificates,
books for minutes of meetings, and other records?
A corporation can obtain these items from any corporate supply company.



                                                                                 271