

What are Bylaws?
Bylaws are rules for the corporation that specify things such as the number of
votes required to pass a matter put before the corporation, and the requirements to
be met before a shareholder can sell his shares, among other things. Bylaws may
not be changed without a majority of votes of the board of directors.
Are corporate Bylaws filed with the State?
No, Bylaws are kept at the corporation's principal place of business, or corporate
office, if located within the State. The Bylaws shall be open to inspection by the
shareholders at all reasonable times during normal office hours.

Why are Corporate Bylaws Important?
Bylaws are like an official game plan on how a corporation is to be run and
operated. Bylaws also state the rights and powers of the shareholders, directors and
officers. Ordinarily, they're not filed in any state's corporate filing office. In
practice, bylaws can be brief or lengthy. Operating agreements and partnership
agreements, the LLC and LLP counterparts of corporate bylaws, are similar
requirements. Contents vary but they typically include the following provisions:

    1.The time and place for meetings of officers, directors, and shareholders;
    2.How many directors, their tenure, and their qualifications;
    3.Title and compensation of the corporate officers;
    4.The fiscal year of the corporation;
    5.Who is responsible and how the bylaws are to be amended;
    6.Any rules on the approval of contracts, loans, checks, and stock certificates;
    7.Inspection of the corporate records book.


Like the Articles of Incorporation, computer-aided programs will assemble and
print bylaws. One can be prepared from scratch, or the tear-out forms provided in
many published incorporation books may be used.
What is a registered agent?
A Registered Agent is a representative of the corporation in the state of
incorporation. The Registered Agent receives service of process and notices from
governmental agencies. All corporations are required to have a Registered Agent

                                                                                  272