

located in the state in which it is incorporated. If you incorporate in a state where
you are not doing business, it will be necessary for you to hire a registered agent
and have a business address. A registered agent is needed to accept service of
process and all states require you to maintain a business address within the state
of incorporation. Many companies offer registered agent and business address
services.
What is a registered office?
Every company must have a registered office at which official documents can be
served and this address may be displayed on all business letterheads and order
forms of the company.
What does Nexus mean?
Nexus is the degree of business activity a taxpayer must have before a state can
impose taxes. Each state writes its own laws on what constitutes nexus. A
business may be able to avoid unnecessary tax payments by understanding how
nexus defines its tax liability (or lack of liability).
What is the organizational structure of a corporation?
The organizational structure of a corporation relies on three basic groups:
shareholders, directors and officers. Shareholders own a corporation; however,
they do not directly manage the corporation. Instead, they influence corporate
decisions through indirect methods such as electing and removing directors,
approving or disapproving amendments to the articles of incorporation and voting
on major corporate issues. The board of directors is responsible for managing the
affairs of the corporation. Usually, directors make only the major business
decisions and supervise and appoint the officers who make the day-to-day business
decisions of the corporation. Officers are responsible for the everyday management
of the corporation. Typically, officers are appointed directly by the board of
directors. It is important to note that a shareholder may serve on the board of
directors and as an officer. In fact, in most states one person is enough to form a
corporation.

How many directors do I need to form a Corporation?

Most states only require only one director. Some states make the minimum number
of directors dependent on the number of shareholders. If the corporation has more
than three shareholders, then the corporation must have three directors. The


                                                                                   273