

What is stock?

Stock certificates represent the amount of money a shareholder has decided to
invest in the corporation. Owning stock entitles a shareholder to certain rights such
as voting rights and dividends. At formation, a company decides how much stock
will be issued, and how many different classes of shares it will have (common,
preferred, etc.). This formation is contained in the articles of Incorporation.

Generally, common stock entitles the owner to vote for directors and receive
dividends. However, owning common stock does not guarantee that dividends will
be paid. The Board of Directors must look at the Corporation's financial situation
and decide whether it can legally authorize dividends to be paid. If so, dividend
amounts are split among all common share and distributed to the shareholders.

Most small corporations do not have preferred stock. Preferred stock usually
entitles the owner to receive a certain amount of dividends each year, provided the
corporation can legally authorize that payment. Preferred shareholders are paid
before common shareholders.

What is Par Value?

Par Value is the minimum amount for which a share of stock may be sold. The
Board of Directors sets the actual price of the company's shares at its own
discretion. Corporations will often set the Par Value of its own shares at a low
number, such as one cent. This however, does not mean that the shares are worth
only one cent- it only means that they can never be sold for less than that amount.

What do the different classes of stock represent?

The different classes of stock determine how dividends will be paid, and how
much money will be paid for each share of stock in the corporation. Each share
certificate will be marked with the amount of par (the minimum amount of money
that must be paid for the share). Share certificates may also be marked as no par,
with no minimum amount being paid for the share. This designation must be made
at the outset of incorporating and provided for in the Articles of Incorporation.
Additionally, common stock represents the class of shareholders who shall be paid
a dividend last, after the preferred shareholders are paid first (if any exist). If there
are no preferred shareholders, then the dividend amounts are split equally among


                                                                                     275