

Headquarters: Main office of a company implies existence of one or more
branches reporting to it, under same name.

Immigration Planning: The legal steps a natural person plans and/or undertakes
in view of his/her (and family members') future immigration. IP often includes tax
planning and asset protection components.
Incorporation: The legal process of establishing a company (corporation), which
entails submitting of definite documents to the authorities of a relevant jurisdiction,
their further registration and issuing by the authorities of proper documentary
evidences of the company's (corporation) legal existence (e.g., Certificate of
Incorporation).

Initial Public Offering: An initial public offering, also known as an IPO,
constitutes the first initial sale of a corporation's common shares to public
investors. The main objective of an IPO is to help advance the capital of the
corporation.

Intelliscore: Intelliscore is Experian’s unique numerical indicator of how a firm
paid its bills over the past year, based on trade experiences reported to Experian by
various vendors. The Intelliscore ranges from 1 to 100, with higher scores
indicating better payment performance.

International Business Corporation (IBC): A typical company of that type can
carry on business outside its jurisdiction of incorporation, have meetings of its
Directors and/or Members anywhere in the world, keep as many bank accounts as
it desires anywhere in any currency, issue bearer shares. An IBC is exempted from
all or the most part of taxes in jurisdiction of incorporation. As a rule such
companies have low profile owing to the lack of requirements to register their
Directors' and Shareholders' details with the local authorities.

Inventory: Value of a firm's raw materials, work in process, supplies used in
operations, and finished goods.

Investor: An individual who takes an ownership position in a company, thus
assuming risk of loss in exchange for anticipated returns.

Jurisdiction: Within the context of our site it's a country or a territory, where we
provide incorporation and other services. Each such jurisdiction adopted its

                                                                                   281