

Operating profit (loss): Income or loss before taxes and extraordinary items
resulting from transactions other than those in the normal course of business.

Operating profit margin: Measures a firm's profitability by examining the pre-tax
profit generated from primary operations (versus extraordinary items) in relation to
net sales. Operating profit divided by net sales.

Parent Corporation: A corporation in relation to its subsidiaries, branches, or
daughter companies. A Parent corporation is a Corporation that owns more than
50% of the voting stock of another corporation (the subsidiary).

Partnership: Can be general or limited, but in either case the general partners are
in control. The tax burden is shared by all the partners at their personal rate, and
the general partners have unlimited liability. Limited partners have limited
liability.

Principal: The currently unpaid balance of a loan, not including interest owed.
Also can refer to a primary owner or investor.

Private Foundation: In the context of our services, it is a Panamanian legal entity
combining the features of a trust and an International Business company. Similarly
to a Trust, the purpose of a Private Foundation is to preserve the assets, donated by
the Founder and some third persons, for the benefit of and distribution among the
Beneficiaries. Akin to an International Business Company, a Private Foundation
has a distinctive legal personality and tax-exempt status. PF is an effectual offshore
asset protection tool.

Private unlimited company: A company with unlimited liability of its members.

Profit: Compensation an entrepreneur receives for the assumption of risk in a
business venture. Also called net income.

Profit and loss statement: Summary of the revenues, costs, and expenses for a
business over a period of time. Also called the income statement.

Pro forma financial statements: Financial statements for a business where certain
amounts shown are hypothetical, or estimated, for the period depicted.

                                                                                  284