

                                     Glossary of terms

Average High Credit/Highest Credit - Average and highest credit levels granted.
Banking Section – This section of the Business Information and Comprehensive
Reports includes information on a company’s access to additional financial capital,
such as accounts, loans, and specific banking relationships, as well as bank
evaluations (when available) of whether the relation(s) are satisfactory. The
content may not represent the full extent of the firm’s banking relationships, nor
the primary bank used by the business.
Bankruptcy– A proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, in which either a
debtor files a bankruptcy petition and voluntarily seeks protection from creditors,
or creditors file a bankruptcy petition against a debtor to force the debtor to pay
debts owed to them.
BIR – (Business Information Report) – The BIR provides an overall profile of a
company, including financial information, payment history and trends, history of a
business, ownership details, operational information, and details on related firms
and special events (such as business moves, fires and other disasters, and quarterly
performance). It also includes the D&B Rating, which shows the financial size (net
worth) of a business and a risk indicator.
Branch – A secondary location of a business. It has no legal responsibility for its
debts, even though bills may be paid from the branch location. It will have the
same legal business name as its headquarters. A branch often operates under a
different trade style. It may be located at the same address as the headquarters if it
has a unique trade style and unique operations.
Business Background – Information about ownership, history, principals,
operations, and locations of the business.
Business Information Report (BIR) – The BIR provides an overall profile of a
company, including financial information, payment history and trends, history of a
business, ownership details, operational information, and details on related firms
and special events (such as business moves, fires and other disasters, and quarterly
performance). It also includes the D&B Rating, which shows the financial size (net
worth) of a business.
Business Registration – A business registration is information filed by a
corporation or limited liability company with the Secretary of State or other state
agency in order to obtain a state charter to do business within that state was a
corporation or limited liability company.

                                                                                  288