

Commercial Credit Score – Predicts the likelihood of an account becoming
severely delinquent within the next 12 months. The 101-660 scale gives is a direct
correlation between the score and risk. Each 40-pt increase or decrease relates to a
doubling or halving the risk. For example, a business that scores 360 is twice as
risky as a business that scores 400.
Comprehensive Report – The Comprehensive Report is an in-depth evaluation of
a company’s short/long term financial stability. This report offers an in-depth view
of a company’s financial position, offers comparisons to industry norms, and is the
only credit report that includes scores and analysis that predict future payment
habits and financial stability.
Control Date – The year the present management took control. For example, if a
business was started in 1985 but was sold to new owners in 1996, the Control Date
will be 1996.
Credit Capacity Summary – Reviews an analysis of credit capacity (size, overall
financial condition, payment capacity) to gauge the firm’s ability to take on
additional credit.
Credit Limit Recommendation – The D&B Credit Limit Recommendation is
intended to help you more easily manage your credit decisions. It provides two
recommended dollar guidelines: A conservative limit, which suggests a dollar
benchmark if your policy is to extend less credit to minimize risk and an
aggressive limit, which suggests a dollar benchmark if your policy is to extend
more credit with potentially more risk.
The dollar guideline amounts are based on a historical analysis of the credit
demand of customers in D&B’s U.S. payments database who have a similar profile
to the business you are evaluating in respect to employee size and industry. The
guidelines do not address whether a particular business can pay that amount or
whether a particular customer’s total credit limit has achieved (based on their total
trade experiences and outstanding balances). Each set of limits is accompanies by
an assessment of the risk category a business falls into, or D&B’s assessment of
how likely they are to continue to pay their obligations within terms and their
likelihood of undergoing financial stress in the next 12 months. The risk category
is created using D&B’s risk modeling methodology and is based on the company’s
credit and financial stress scores.
Generally speaking, D&B’s standard limit recommendations are less applicable for
very large credit lines – over one million dollars – and when assessing very large
organizations, which may pay slowly as a rule. You are most likely to the find the
recommended limits useful for small to medium-large size decisions. The

                                                                                 289