

recommended limits also are useful when you are dealing with a new customer or
prospect, one with whom you do not have a previously established credit record.
The recommended limits, while not customized to every situation, create useful
default starting point.
Credit Score Class – Assesses the company’s probable payment habits and
indicates the likelihood of an account becoming delinquent within the next 12
months. A 1 denotes low risk, 5 denotes high risk, and 0 denotes open bankruptcy
and/or out of business at this location.
Credit Score Norms – Compares the company’s Credit Score Class to that of
firms with similar demographic characteristics.
Credit Score Summary – Reviews an analysis of credit capacity (size, overall
financial condition, payment capacity) to gauge the firm’s ability to take on
additional credit.
Division - A division is an operating unit of a business entity with a specific
divisional name performing a specific activity normally different than the activity
performed at the headquarters. A division is different than a branch in that the
division is operated like a separate and unique entity (it may have divisional
officers; however, it is not legally a separate entity).
D&B Rating - The D&B Rating can help you quickly assess a firm's size and
composite credit appraisal, based on information in a company's interim or fiscal
balance sheet and an overall evaluation of the firm's creditworthiness.

The "5A" to "HH" Rating Classifications reflect company size based on worth or
equity as computed by D&B. Company size can be an effective indicator of credit
capacity. These Ratings are assigned to businesses that have supplied D&B with a
current                            financial                           statement.

The Composite Credit Appraisal is a number, 1 through 4 that makes up the
second half of the company's rating and reflects D&B's overall assessment of that
firm's creditworthiness. The Composite Credit Appraisal is based on D&B’s
analysis of company payments, financial information, public records, business age
and         other        important        factors       (when          available).

Note: A "2" is the highest Composite Credit Appraisal a company not supplying
D&B       with      current    financial     information     can      receive.

The "1R" and "2R" Rating categories reflect company size based on the total

                                                                               290