

number of employees for the business. They are assigned to company files that do
not        contain         a         current         financial       statement.

ER (Employee Range) Ratings apply to certain lines of business that do not lend
themselves to classification under the D&B Rating system. Instead, we assign
these types of businesses an Employee Range symbol based on the number of
people employed. No other significance should be attached to this symbol.

For example, a rating of "ER7" means there are between five and nine employees
in the company. "ERN" should not be interpreted negatively. It simply means we
do not have information indicating how many people are employed at this firm.

The D&B Rating field in a report may also display the following designations
when certain conditions are present:
The '- -' Symbol: This represents the absence of a D&B Rating and should not be
interpreted as indicating that credit should be denied. It means that the information
available to D&B does not permit us to classify the company within our Rating
Key and that further inquiry should be made before reaching a credit decision.
Some reasons for using the "- -" symbol include: deficit net worth, bankruptcy
proceedings, lack of sufficient payment information or incomplete history
indicator.
DS (DUNS Support): This indicates that the information available to D&B does
not permit us to classify the company within our Rating Key. When ordering these
reports, an investigation can be performed and results sent to you at your request
for an additional fee.
D-U-N-S® Number (Data Universal Numbering System) - The D&B D-U-N-S
Number is a non-indicative, nine-digit number assigned to each business location
in the D&B database having a unique, separate, and distinct operation, and is
maintained solely by D&B. The D&B D-U-N-S Number is used by industries and
organizations around the world as a global standard for business identification and
tracking. If you don’t have a D-U-N-S Number, you can get one for free through
the SBS site.
DUNSRight - DUNSRight is the data quality process that ensures that you get the
most accurate and complete information available.
Employees Here – Total number of employees for all locations of the business.
Employees Total – Total number of employees for all locations of the business.
eUpdate – eUpdate is a simple tool you can use to ensure our database contains the

                                                                                 291