

most up-to-date information on your business. eUpdate provides you with the
ability to create a new DUNS Number, build a credit file, review your D&B
Report, and update your company profile online, free of charge, 24 hours a day.
Executive Summary Section – Reviews an analysis of credit capacity (size,
overall financial condition, payment capacity) to gauge the firm’s ability to take on
additional credit.
Finance Section - Found in the Business Information and Comprehensive Reports,
this section includes balance sheets, financial income statements and management
estimates or projections when available. If provided, up to three years of
comparative summaries may be displayed here. This data can help you to assess:
   • A company's ability to meet current debt by comparing all liquid assets to
     current debt, or all liquid assets plus inventory to current debt.
   • The amount of capital provided by creditors compared to capital invested by
     the owners.
   • The amount of sales compared to total assets of the company.
Commentary on absence of financial information may also appear in this section,
for example, "A financial statement was declined by management." An explanation
of the financial information may also be provided and my include a narrative
indicating the source of the data (i.e., "Submitted by ..."), as well as an explanation
of certain financial statement items. The company may also add other comments in
this section, such as "Current cash is low because a recent expansion was financed
with cash rather than loans."
Financial Condition - Found in the Business Information and Comprehensive
Reports, this section provides an overview of a company's financial statement with
a designation of Strong, Good, Fair or Unbalanced. Financial Condition is
calculated by reviewing up to 11 financial ratios and comparing them to industry
averages for each of the company's lines of business.
Financial Stress - D&B defines a financially stressed company as one that has
ceased operations following assignment or bankruptcy, ceased operations with loss
to creditors, voluntarily withdrawn from business operation leaving unpaid
obligations or is in receivership, reorganization, or has made an arrangement for
the benefit of creditors. Note: Voluntary discontinuance involving no loss to
creditors is not defined as financial stress.
Financial Stress Norms - Compare the company's Financial Stress Class to
average ratings for firms with similar demographic characteristics to help you
determine where the firm stands in relation to the norm.

                                                                                   292