

Financial Stress Score - Found in the Comprehensive Report, this score ranges
from 1,001 to 1,875 and is the raw output of the Financial Stress Scoring Model
scorecards. 1,001 represents the highest risk and 1,875 represents the lowest risk of
business failure. Each Financial Stress Score within the range (1,001-1,875) has a
related probability of business failure within a 12-month period. This score is also
often referred to as the Raw Score.
Financial Stress Summary - The company's Financial Stress Class is given as a 1
to 5 rating and as a percentile ranking to determine the likelihood of business
experiencing financial stress as compared to the national average and the
company's industry.
Headquarters- A headquarters is a business location that has branches or divisions
reporting to it, and is legally responsible for those branches or divisions. If the
headquarters is more than 50 percent owned by another corporation, it will also be
a subsidiary. If it owns more than 50 percent of another corporation, then it is also
a parent.
History Indicator - Found in the Business Information and Comprehensive
Reports, the History Indicator is designated as:
   • Clear - Certain minimal information necessary for D&B rating consideration
     is contained in the report. It also means the report is free of negative
     information which could cause the selection of other History captions or
     designation as a potential higher-risk case.
   • Incomplete - D&B's file does not contain sufficient information about the
     background of the business and its significant principals to fully assess risk.
   • Management - D&B's file contains certain unfavorable current or historical
     information on one or more significant principals associated with this
     company.
   • Business - D&B's file contains certain unfavorable current or historical
     information on this company.
History Section - Found in the Business Information and Comprehensive Reports,
the History Section typically includes details on the company's history, including:
   • Incorporation details, par value of shares and ownership information.
   • Background information on management, such as the educational and career
     history of the company principals.
   • Related companies, including identification of parent, affiliates, subsidiaries
     and/or branches worldwide.

                                                                                 293