

The History Section may also include corporate registration details, which can help
you to:
   • Verify the existence of a registered organization.
   • Confirm legal information, such as a company's organizational structure,
     date and state of incorporation.
   • Research possible fraud by reviewing names of principals and business
     standing within a state.
INV (Investigation Being Conducted): When an "INV" appears, it means an
investigation is being conducted on this business to get the most current details.
NQ (Not Quoted): This is generally assigned when a business has been confirmed
as no longer active at the location, or when D & B is unable to confirm active
operations. It may also appear on some branch reports, when the branch is located
in the same city as the headquarters.
Judgment - A Judgment is the final resolution of a suit; the official court decision
regarding the parties' rights and obligations, including whether the plaintiff is
entitled to relief defined in the suit.
Legal Filings - Reported open/closed public filings include bankruptcy,
judgments, suits or liens.
Leveraged Buyout: A leveraged buyout (or LBO, or highly-leveraged
transaction (HLT), or "bootstrap" transaction) occurs when a financial sponsor
gains control of a majority of a target company's equity through the use of
borrowed money or debt.

A leveraged buyout is a strategy involving the acquisition of another company
using a significant amount of borrowed money (bonds or loans) to meet the cost of
acquisition. Often, the assets of the company being acquired are used as collateral
for the loans, in addition to the assets of the acquiring company. The purpose of
leveraged buyouts is to allow companies to make large acquisitions without having
to commit a lot of capital.
Lien - A lien is a claim or encumbrance which one party holds against the property
of another party until a debt or obligation is satisfied.
NAICS (North American Industry Classification System) – SIC (Standard
Industrial Code) codes are a numbering convention to identify an industry or
service a business provides. NAICS codes were created to increase service
orientation and recognize new and emerging industries and are more process
focused descriptions of what a business does.

                                                                                294