

Negative Payment Comments/Information - Negative Payments consist of
unsatisfactory, bad debt, suit-filed, non-sufficient funds, credit refused, placed for
collection or repossession trade experiences.
Net Worth - The net worth of a business. "E" indicates figures are estimates
provided by the owners, partners or officers of the company; "F" means figures
were taken from a financial statement. This element offers another view of the
company's financial size.
Operation Section - Found in the Business Information and Comprehensive
Reports, this section provides background information on the business operations
of a company. This may include the identity of a parent company, the number of
accounts and geographic scope of the business, typical selling terms, and whether
the firm owns or leases its facilities. The names and locations of branch operations
and subsidiary may also be identified in this section.
Other Payment Categories - Miscellaneous indicators of a firm's payment habits,
including the highest dollar amounts owed; the highest dollar amounts past due;
number and dollar value of cash payments and placed for collection experiences.
Parent - A parent is a corporation that owns more than 50 percent of another
corporation. The parent company may also be a subsidiary of another corporation.
If the parent also has branches/divisions, then it is also a headquarters. Parents can
have both direct and indirect subsidiaries, indirect subsidiaries being those that
have another company in between the subsidiary and the parent.
PAYDEX® Score - The PAYDEX Score is D&B's unique dollar-weighted
numerical indicator of how a firm paid its bills over the past year, based on trade
experiences reported to D&B by various vendors. The D&B PAYDEX Score
ranges from 1 to 100, with higher scores indicating better payment performance.
Payment Details Section - Found in the Business Information and Comprehensive
Reports, the Payment Detail Section displays a listing of recent payments reported
to D&B. Each line (up to 80) provides the most recent information secured through
company trade tapes and other D&B data collection methods. It's important to note
that an unusually large number of transactions during a single month or time period
may indicate a seasonal purchasing pattern. The following manners of payment
appear most frequently in this section:
   • Antic - payments are received prior to date of invoice (Anticipated).
   • Disc - payments are received within trade discount period (Discount).
   • Ppt - payments are received within terms granted (Prompt).
   • Slow - payments are beyond vendor's terms. For example, "Slow 30" means
                                                                                  295