

      payments are 30 days past due.
   • Ppt-Slow - some invoices are paid within terms, others are paid beyond
     terms.
   • (#) -indicates that no manner of payment was provided; the number merely
     reflects the line where it appears in the listing. For example, (004) means it
     is the fourth experience listed.
   • Payment Commentary - such as "Cash in Advance," "Account in Dispute,"
     "Credit Refused," or "Placed for Collection" may also display next to trade
     details. "Placed for Collection" means the account was forwarded to a third
     party for collection action during the past year.
Payment Performance Trend - An element in the Credit eValuator and
SelfMonitor 2.0 Reports that compares a company's dollar-weighted payment
performance today to the company's payment performance three months ago. The
Payment Performance Trend Arrow shows the payment trend (improving, steady
or declining) of the business today to its payment trend three months ago and to an
industry average. D&B Payment Index (or PAYDEX) is a dollar-weighted
payment calculation on the number of days a business takes to pay based on the
terms extended. Up to 875 payment experiences in the D&B trade file are used to
dynamically calculate this score.
Payment Summary by Industry - An overview of how a firm pays suppliers in
up to 10 lines of business where it has recorded the highest number of credit
transactions. This information can help you evaluate how quickly you can expect
to be paid, based on a company's payment history with your industry peers.
Payment Summary Section - This section highlights how quickly a company is
likely to pay its bills in the future by reviewing its payment patterns with other
vendors in the past, as reported to D&B. Payment performance is outlined relative
to aging, dollar amounts, and industry groupings. Specific information includes:
   • The D&B PAYDEX® Score
   • Payment Summary by Industry
   • Other Payment Categories
Payment Trends - Spot trends in a company's business by analyzing how it pays
its bills. D&B's PAYDEX Score compares a company's payment records with
others in the industry -- for up to two years. This unique indicator gives you an
instant overview of how a firm pays its bills. It is calculated based on up to 875
payment experiences reported to D&B by various sources.

                                                                               296