

Payment Trend by Industry - See at a glance how the company's payment habits,
as reported by D&B, compare with those of other companies in its line of business.
Predictive Scoring / Models - Predictive scoring is the process of using historical
information to predict future outcomes. It involves identifying the risks inherent in
a future decision by examining the relationship between historical information and
the future event. In essence, it is an objective and statistically derived counterpart
to subjective, intuitive assessments. The objective of a score is to report the risk
involved in a given decision. Predictive Scoring allows you to rank order accounts
based on the probability of an event occurring. Predictive Scoring represents a
statistical probability, not a guarantee. Examples include the Risk of Late Payment
Indicator in the Credit eValuator Report and the Commercial Credit and Financial
Stress Scores in the Business Information and Comprehensive Reports.
Primary SIC - Represents a company's activity with the largest percentage of
sales revenue. See SIC Code.
Public Filings - This term is used to identify bankruptcy filing, suit, lien, and
judgment information obtained from Federal and State court houses for a company.
Rating or D&B Rating - The D&B Rating can help you quickly assess a firm's
size and composite credit appraisal, based on information in a company's interim or
fiscal balance sheet and an overall evaluation of the firm's creditworthiness.

The "5A" to "HH" Rating Classifications reflect company size based on worth or
equity as computed by D&B. Company size can be an effective indicator of credit
capacity. These Ratings are assigned to businesses that have supplied D&B with a
current                            financial                           statement.

The Composite Credit Appraisal is a number, 1 through 4 that makes up the
second half of the company's rating and reflects D&B's overall assessment of that
firm's creditworthiness. The Composite Credit Appraisal is based on D&B’s
analysis of company payments, financial information, public records, business age
and         other        important        factors       (when          available).

Note: A "2" is the highest Composite Credit Appraisal a company not supplying
D&B       with      current    financial     information     can      receive.

The "1R" and "2R" Rating categories reflect company size based on the total
number of employees for the business. They are assigned to company files that do
not        contain         a         current         financial       statement.


                                                                                  297