

ER (Employee Range) Ratings apply to certain lines of business that do not lend
themselves to classification under the D&B Rating system. Instead, we assign
these types of businesses an Employee Range symbol based on the number of
people employed. No other significance should be attached to this symbol.

For example, a rating of "ER7" means there are between five and nine employees
in the company. "ERN" should not be interpreted negatively. It simply means we
do not have information indicating how many people are employed at this firm.

The D&B Rating field in a report may also display the following designations
when certain conditions are present:
The '- -' Symbol: This represents the absence of a D&B Rating and should not be
interpreted as indicating that credit should be denied. It means that the information
available to D&B does not permit us to classify the company within our Rating
Key and that further inquiry should be made before reaching a credit decision.
Some reasons for using the "- -" symbol include: deficit net worth, bankruptcy
proceedings, lack of sufficient payment information or incomplete history
indicator.
DS (DUNS Support): This indicates that the information available to D&B does
not permit us to classify the company within our Rating Key. When ordering these
reports, an investigation can be performed and results sent to you at your request
for an additional fee.
INV (Investigation Being Conducted): When an "INV" appears, it means an
investigation is being conducted on this business to get the most current details.
NQ (Not Quoted): This is generally assigned when a business has been confirmed
as no longer active at the location, or when D & B is unable to confirm active
operations. It may also appear on some branch reports, when the branch is located
in the same city as the headquarters.
Risk of Late Payment - Risk of Late Payment is an element in the Credit
eValuator and SelfMonitor 2.0 Reports, which predicts the risk that a company will
pay on time versus the risk of other companies in the same industry. The risk dial
() shows the potential risk of late or delinquent payment. The dial - from lower risk
to higher risk - shows the risk that a company will pay in a severely delinquent
manner (90+ days past terms) relative to other businesses in the D&B database.
Higher risk (red) indicates that a company is more likely to pay severely beyond
terms, and lower risk (green) indicates that a company has a low likelihood of
paying in a severely delinquent manner. The rating is based on a number of credit

                                                                                 298