

factors determined by D&B's sophisticated analytical.
Risk Summary - Identification of the Risk of Late Payment and Payment
Performance Trend indicators in the Credit eValuator. The Risk of Late Payment is
based on the D&B Credit Score, and the Payment Performance Trend is based on
D&B's PAYDEX score. Both are indicators of short-term payment performance.
Sales - Sales information provides a snapshot of a company's financial size in
terms of sales/revenue volume. "Projected" indicates an estimated sales volume
provided by management; "F" means figures were taken from an income statement.
See the Finance Section for more details.
Sales Trend - A Sales Trend is based upon additional data extracted from D&B's
credit and financial statement databases. Sales data is captured on the percentage of
growth or decline in a company's annual sales and employment over three and five
year periods. This data is compared to the company's reported financial data to
determine trend against the industry.
Secured / Unsecured - In the Business Information and Comprehensive Reports,
the Financing section will identify Secured, Unsecured or Secured/Unsecured
when financing statements have been issued. A financing statement is proof of a
security interest in personal property whereas a deed, properly recorded at a
County Recorder’s Office, is proof of ownership for real property (land and
buildings). In the D&B Business Information and Comprehensive Reports, the
notation that FINANCING is secured means that a company's accounts
receivables, inventory and/or other liquid assets have been pledged.
SIC Code - The SIC code is a standardized numbering system developed by the
Federal Government that classifies business establishments according to their
industries. It is particularly helpful when you're looking to segment markets,
analyze customer relationships, and conduct general business research. SIC codes
divide all major economic activity into ten major divisions. Businesses are then
further classified within each division. The first two digits in the code represent a
company's major industry affiliation and its subdivision. For example, the first two
digits in "Manufacturing," one of the ten major SIC divisions, range from 20 to 39.
The remaining digits break down the divisions into specific activities and "sub-
industries." If more than one SIC Code is listed, the first one is the company's
primary line of business, with others comprising at least 10 percent of the
company's revenue. A maximum of six SIC's will be listed for a company. Details
can be found in the Operations Section of the Business Information Report.
Special Events - Special Events alert you to any recent developments D&B learns
about that may impact your potential relationship with a firm, such as bankruptcy

                                                                                 299