

filings, changes in ownership, acquisitions and other events. Information reported
in this section may also include announcements on the release of earnings reports.
Special Events may help explain unusual company trends. For example, a change
in ownership could have an impact on manner of payment, or decreased production
may reflect an unexpected interruption in factory operations (i.e., labor strike or
fire).
Standard Industrial Code (SIC) - The SIC code is a standardized numbering
system developed by the Federal Government that classifies business
establishments according to their industries. It is particularly helpful when you're
looking to segment markets, analyze customer relationships, and conduct general
business research. SIC codes divide all major economic activity into ten major
divisions. Businesses are then further classified within each division. The first two
digits in the code represent a company's major industry affiliation and its
subdivision. For example, the first two digits in "Manufacturing," one of the ten
major SIC divisions, range from 20 to 39. The remaining digits break down the
divisions into specific activities and "sub-industries." If more than one SIC Code is
listed, the first one is the company's primary line of business, with others
comprising at least 10 percent of the company's revenue. A maximum of six SIC’s
will be listed for a company. Details can be found in the Operations Section of the
Business Information Report.
Started (Control Date) - Indicates the year the company was started or present
management took control.
Statement Update Section - This section includes information D&B has obtained
directly from the company since our last full interview with the principals of the
business. It may include pertinent information such as updated financial data,
commentary on recent business trends or operating details.
Subsidiary - A subsidiary is a corporation in which more than 50% of its voting
stock is owned by another corporation and will have a different legal business
name from its parent company. A subsidiary must be a single location, a
headquarters, or a parent. A subsidiary may have branches and/or subsidiaries of
its own.
Suit - A proceeding filed by a plaintiff(s) against a defendant(s) in a court of law,
in which the plaintiff(s) seeks monetary or non-monetary relief.
Summary Analysis Section - This section displays the current D&B Rating, when
it was assigned and why. Additional content may include rating changes that have
occurred during the past year so you can spot trends and evaluate the stability of a
firm over time.

                                                                                 300