Shelf Corp Secrets Shelf Corporations Table of Contents Introduction .............................................................................................. 4 Why Shelf Corp Secrets ............................................................................. 5 Understanding the Process ....................................................................... 7 Step-By-Step ............................................................................................. 9 Step 1 – Finding The Corporation ........................................................................... 10 Step 2 – Checking The Credit ................................................................................. 20 Step 3 – Getting Necessary Permission .................................................................. 22 Step 4 – Preparing for your new corp..................................................................... 24 Step 5 – Paying all necessary fees .......................................................................... 25 Step 6 – Correcting the credit file........................................................................... 29 Step 7 – Applying for credit ................................................................................... 29 Elements Needed .................................................................................... 30 After the Shelf Corp’s Acquisition............................................................ 35 Doing Business in other States ............................................................................... 36 Building Business Credit with your shelf corp......................................................... 36 Checking your experian file ................................................................................... 38 Overcoming potential problems ............................................................................ 38 1| Shelf Corp Secrets Shelf Corporations INTRODUCTION 2| Shelf Corp Secrets Shelf Corporations A shelf corporation, also called an aged corporation, is a corporation that has had no activity. It was created and put on the "shelf" to age. This is the conventional meaning of a shelf corporation but recently we have all been seen shelf corporations being sold with credit files already established. The major reason for acquiring a shelf corporation for building business credit is, some lenders only lend to corporations that are two years old. You really cannot blame them in this current economic climate. If you were a lender, I assure you that you will feel more comfortable lending money to a corporation that has been in business for 20 years than one that has been in business for 6 months. Anyway, let’s briefly look at what to expect when looking for a shelf corp the conventional way. So in looking for shelf corporations we have a number of questions. • What should I look for in a Shelf Corporation? • Where can I get a Shelf Corporation? • What should I pay for a Shelf Corporation? When you are done with this book, I am pretty sure that almost everything that you thought you knew about shelf corps will be dispelled. WHAT SHOULD I LOOK FOR IN A SHELF CORPORATION? Buying a shelf corporation can be a pretty expensive purchase so we will like to take every precaution that this corporation is worth it. When purchasing a shelf corporation you must first get as much Trade Secret information on the corporation as possible. Current Name, Address, Tax ID (if applicable), DUNS Number (if applicable) and telephone Shelf corporations are simply number. This will give you the necessary information to check the aged corporations and every background of the company. You first want to go to the Secretary of day, in every state, there are corporations that are being State website of the state the Corporation is Inc’d in and check to closed. In some situations an ensure that the company is active and up to date with all state fees. entrepreneur may have started Secondly you will need to check the company’s credit files at Dun a business and it failed and he and Bradstreet and Experian Business. You may have to pay for the simply stopped paying his state credit file but if the sources for your shelf corps are not reliable, this fees to keep the corporation active and there are other times will be worth it. It is also better for the corporation to already have when the business did not even a Tax ID number and preferably a DUNS number although getting a get off the ground. This is where DUNS number with a shelf corp is rare. you can capitalize. You can go to your state Secretary of State website and reinstate these corporations. Much of the WHERE CAN I GET A SHELF CORPORATION? company’s information and owner’s information is available. We recommend one reseller of shelf corps: Amerilawyer.com. In most state you simply have to send in some paperwork and pay for all the yearly 3 | fees that the company was inactive. Please see your respective SOS website for more information. Shelf Corp Secrets Shelf Corporations WHAT SHOULD I PAY FOR A SHELF CORPORATION? The general rule is $1000 for every year in the company’s age. So a 2 year old Corporation should cost $2000. Using the reinstating method, you will save hundreds of dollars. In Florida, you will pay $150 per year that the company missed its fees. So if the company was incorporated in 1998 and it is now 2009 and the owners of the company stopped paying their fees in 2005, you first do all necessary checks to ensure that the company is not in debt. After this is done you can now pay $600 for an 11 year old corporation. Sounds like a deal? This method is what the book is based on. We will go into detail on how to find cheap shelf corporations, how to check the credit history of the corporation and how to acquire the corporation and build from that point. With this method, credit is acquired in much less time than if you were to build your corporate credit from the beginning. You have the choice as to how strong a company you will like to start with and this makes all the difference. Please Note The process covered in this ebook can be done for every state that has a user friendly secretary of state website. We have covered the state of Florida in this ebook. In order to apply this knowledge to other stats, you simple have to replace the “Finding of the corporation” section with the process that will apply to any other states that you will like to acquire corporations in. 4| WHY SHELF CORP SECRETS 5| “Shelf Corp Secrets” is meant to take you to the next level in business credit building. It is a straight forward guide that will give you all the tools you need to acquire business lines of credit in a very short space of time. I have done my very best to leave out all the fluff and unnecessary information. If you are not well versed in business credit building, I suggest that you start with the Business Credit Bible. If you are reading this, you must understand that you have access to information and techniques of building business credit that 99% of the business world simply does not have access to. Most “business credit gurus” either do not know these techniques or will refuse to share them with you. I have chosen to divulge this information for two reasons; 1. Money is getting extremely scarce and business owners need this information more than ever. 2. I am moving away from business credit consulting and this book will fill that void. This book will take much of the waiting out of building business credit and take you straight to very high revolving lines of vendor credit as well as revolving cash credit. Let me break down the time line of acquiring corporate credit with “Shelf Corp Secrets” opposed to using the convention method of building credit from the ground up. With SCS, you can: 1. Find a corporation, check the credit, and reinstate the corporation all in one day. The state takes 1-3 days to reinstate the corporation. 2. Once the corporation is again active, you will have to contact DnB to change the basic contact information to the current contact information. i.e. The new business address, phone number and owner(s). This will take an additional 3-5 business days. 3. Now that DnB has updated the information, you are ready to rock and roll. You will immediately be able to apply for tier 5 credit lines (according to the business credit bible) depending on the strength of the corporation’s credit. With Shelf Corp Secrets, you have now taken a 6-8 months business credit building process and reduced it to 2 weeks. This book gives you the ability to actually become a shelf corp vendor. You now have all the tools necessary to get shelf corporations with established credit files from $300. With this book you can literally establish hundreds of thousands of dollars in business credit using multiple corporations within weeks. 6| UNDERSTANDING THE PROCESS 7| Shelf Corp Secrets’ process is a little different and much shorter than the business credit bible’s process. This eliminates the entire setting up and initial building process of the corporation. We will not completely rule out some of those initial net 30 accounts but we will now be able to get revolving lines of credit very early in the “game”. We can now start with tier 3 accounts and move on and forgo those tedious tier 1 and 2 accounts. Step 1- Go to your Secretary of State website and identify corporations that have been dissolved due to lack of payment to the state. Note Step 2- Check the credit of the corporations that interest you. These are The process of doing the initial usually old corporations that have only been inactive for a short period. research on a corporation was only described for the state of Identify the one you will like to have. FL in this book. This does not mean that it cannot be done for Step 3- Contact the current principal of the corporation and arrange for other states. I have done this you to be the owner from that point on (This step is skipped by a couple process for a number of states clients I know but it is a risk). and FL’s Secretary of State’s is very user friendly. In order to Step 4- Make the necessary preparations to reinstate the corporation. acquire corporations in other You will need to acquire a virtual office, a phone number and a states, you simply need to get registered agent for your corporation. very acquainted with their respective SOS website. See the “Elements Needed” section for Step 5- Pay the states reinstatement fees and edit the address and a list of SOS websites. officers to your new address (Your Home address/Office Address/Virtual Office Address) Step 6- Call Dun and Bradstreet to get information updated. i.e. New Address, Officers, Phone Number, Resident Agent, ect. This usually takes about a week to be changed. Step 7- Once all the information is changed you can start applying for credit. It’s that simple. 8| STEP BY STEP 9| STEP 1 GO TO YOUR SECRETARY OF STATE WEBSITE TO RESEARCH CORPORATIONS Finding the Initial Corps What we are trying to do in this step is to find corporations that have gone out of business. Ideally we want old corporations that have recently gone inactive due to not paying state fees. The older the corporation, the more likely it is to have established credit. I am going through the techniques that I deem to be most efficient but you may find your own method. In my examples we will be researching FL corporations. Not only is FL good for incorporating for tax purposes, but their Secretary of State website is the most user friendly I have seen. If you will like to research corporations in other states, you can go to your respective SOS website which is listed in the “Elements Needed” chapter. 10 | Florida’s SOS corporation website is www.sunbiz.org as seen in the image below. You will first go to the Search Records on the top left as seen next to the arrow in the image below. Figure: SBS1 Then you go to “Inquire by name” as seen below. I choose this option because this gives you a list of corporations. 11 | Figure: SBS2 12 | You are now brought to a search menu. You can search for one letter or a name. This will simple give you a list or corporations. You will also have the opportunity to go to the next page or go back a page to view more corporations. Figure: SBS3 I chose to search A1. It really does not matter what you search but this is what I have chosen 13 | The results of my search: Figure: SBS4 14 | I have highlighted a number of aspects of the result page: a- After doing a search you can move forward and backward among company names, so in doing research you will start with a chosen search name and simply go through the list. b- This is the “Status” of the corporation. ACT= active, INACT=inactive, INACT/UA=Inactive but unavailable. Strangely enough the corporations that we mainly want are the ones that say INACT/UA. The unavailable simply means that no one can currently incorporate another corporation with the same name because it has recently gone inactive. This is vital because in reinstating the corporations, we will be paying a certain fee per year of inactivity and these have the lowest inactive time. You can also research companies that are INACT but when you get experience, you will realize that you will come across many companies that have been inactive for more than 10 years. By only using the INACT/UA corps, this reduces the amount of research that you will have to do before you find a good corp. This does not mean that I do not research INACT corps as well, but I am just giving you the quickest method to success. c- These are the names of the corporations. You will have to click each link to view more details on the corporation. 15 | Now that we have some insight on initially choosing a corporation to do research on, let us view the record of A-1 Inc. : Status INACT/UA. Figure: SBS5 The arrows points to some of the information that you have to look out for. 1. The FEI/EIN Number: This is the same as the Tax ID number. If the corporation does not have a Tax Id number, this will indicate that it Note has not had any credit activity. 2. Date Filed: This is the incorporation date. I have found that When looking for a corporations that are five years old and younger seldom have corporation we must established credit files. I usually bypass these corporations and look ensure that it is a “For Profit Corporation” or a 16 | “Limited Liability Corporation”. This is an aspect that can easily be overlooked. for corporations incorporated in 2003 and before. If you are simply looking for aged corporations, this is not necessary but when strictly looking for corporations with 80 paydexes, you will want to stick to the older corporations. 3. Last Event: This is the last event of the corporation with the state. You will be looking for corporations that read “REVOKED FOR ANNUAL REPORT” or “ADMIN DISSOLUTION FOR ANNUAL REPORT”. These are the only two situations where you can reinstate the corporation. Although we have found a company that was incorporated in 2004 and dissolved in 2008, we will not be able to reinstate this corporation even if it has good credit. We have to continue looking until we find a corporation that meat all our criteria. We can now go back to the list as seen in Figure: SBS4. 17 | We now continue our search by clicking “Next List” to the bottom left of the page. As I continue to look I finally found a corporation that fits my criteria. Figure: SBS6 18 | Let us now look at the details of “A1 Affordable Mobility Corp”. Figure: SBS7 As we look at the company profile, we see that: 1. There is an established EIN. 2. The date filed is in 2003 so the company is more than 5 years old. 3. The last event was “ADMIN DISSOLUTION FOR ANNUAL REPORT”. We previously established that the company was dissolved in 2008 due to the “INACT/UA” so there is no need to look at that on the company profile. 19 | STEP 2 CHECK THE CREDIT OF THE CORPORATION Now that we have found an appropriate corporation, we have to check the credit of the corporation. DnB charges $40-$180 to check the credit of a corporation but we want to get the complete $180 credit file. Paying this fee is not cost effective since you may have to check the credit of multiple corporations before you find a good one. In order to get around this you will need to acquire a DnBi account from DnB. DnBi is a service that DnB offers to corporations to check the credit of other corporations. We will cover the process of acquiring the account with no initial payment in the “Elements Needed” chapter. Please see the credit file that was included in the zip file, “A1 Affordable Mobility Corp – Credit File.pdf”. This is included to give you an understanding of a DnB credit file. Choosing a corporation based on its credit is subjective. You may be looking for a corporation just for the age and you will do the credit building yourself, or you may be looking for a corporation with an 80 paydex or higher. I personally look for corporations with a 78+ paydex, with 5+ trades and one trade must be at least $500. As we inspect the credit file of A1 A.M.C., we have to look at a number of key factors. 1. The paydex of the corporation is 80. 2. There are 5 trades and the largest trade is $1000. 3. Under “Public Filings” on page one, there are no judgments, liens, bankruptcies or law suits. 4. There is a phone number listed for the corporation. I have found that in about 70% of the cases, this number still works, and the old owner can usually be found by calling this number. 5. Under “Payment Details” on page 5 of the report, there are no recent “Now Owes” listed. 6. Under “Business Registration” on page 6 of the report, the company is listed as inactive. There are a number of ways to deal with this. You can fax in the active company charter to DnB once the company is reinstated. They will then change this on your company report. You must also note that some credit files do not have inactive listed on them. If you choose not to deal with DnB, you can leave this as is. You may or may not have a problem with the lenders. If you do, you can simply fax the active company charter 20 | (that can be found on your states “SOS” website, to the lender who has the application and this will be fine. I have done this on many occasions. Now that we have thoroughly inspected A1’s credit file, we can come to the conclusion that this is a company that we are interested in. 21 | STEP 3 CONTACT THE PREVIOUS OWNER OF THE CORPORATION This step is pretty straight forward but in some case may require some resourcefulness. Although the corporation is inactive, the previous owners have the right to the corporation. Some of my students who use this technique to acquire shelf corporations skip this step in some instances but I do not recommend this. So at this stage you will want to contact the listed principal of the corporation and let him know that you will like to acquire his corporation. You need to do this without making it apparent that the corporation has any “real” value. I usually start by calling the phone number listed on the corporation and asking for the listed CEO/President of the corporation. In most cases, the principal is at that phone number. Once I get into contact with the owner, I first confirm that he/she isn’t doing business under the given name. Once this is confirmed you then have to continue to come to a strategic way of getting the corporation for “No Money” to them. Let us assume that the owner’s name is John Doe, the conversation usually goes like this: Me: Hi good afternoon/morning, I am trying to get in contact with John Doe in connection with A1 Inc. John: Yes, this is John, how may I help you. (In many cases he will go right to the point and say that the company has been out of business) Me: I was in the process of starting a corporation and I was trying to use A1 Inc and I was informed by the state that you had an old corporation with that name so I cannot use the name. I will like to know if I can get permission to you to use the company’s name. John: That is fine but how do we do this. Me: Well I noticed that you have some outstanding fees and taxes owed to the state. I will like to pay all outstanding fees and taxes for your corporation to the state and use your corporation’s name. I will accept any liability that the corporation has and no assets that you may have had under the corporations name. This is all that needs to be done. If you will like something in writing I can fax/mail you a simple form just explaining the agreement that we just came to. If not I can simply pay all fees and transfer the name so that I can use it. John: Yes, this is no problem. You can send me the form. 22 | In the majority of cases, once you make it clear that you are paying outstanding fees; there is usually no problem with the old owner. You can also let them know that the fees are at least $900 (which is true but I will show you later in the book how to get around these fees). You can even offer a couple hundred dollars for the owner’s time for signing but you must remember what you are getting out of this. Shelf corporations sell for thousands of dollars and this is saving you a lot of money. Please see your zip file for the contract. This is simply the contract that I use. You can seek legal advice for more information on a potential contact for the sale of the corporation. FINDING THE CONTACT INFORMATION In a very few cases, they may not be a phone number listed on the DnB credit file; or the number on file may not work anymore. In these cases there are only a few things that can be done. I usually go to http://www.whitepages.com to search for the owner’s local phone number. If this is not successful I may simply search google for the name to see what I can find. This is a situation where you have to use your resourcefulness to find as much information as possible. 23 | STEP 4 PREPARE TO REINSTATE YOUR NEW CORPORATION Before you reinstate the corporation you will need a number of factors in place: 1. Business Address- This business address can be any of the options that we covered in the Business Credit Bible. You will need this established before you reinstate the corporation because you will have to input this information when you reinstate the corporation. Your address can be a home address, an actual business address or a Virtual Office. A UPS store address is simply out of the question. I have used Regus.com for many of my virtual office needs but they are very popular. In many cases, when using such a large virtual office provider, the lenders usually ask for a utility bill such as a phone bill to confirm that you are at that address. This can simply be avoided by choosing a smaller virtual office company. You can start your search by simply going to craigslist for any of the cities in the state that you are reinstating the corporation in and search for virtual offices. 2. Business Phone Number- One thing that I have noticed with these older corporations is that lenders are not as stringent with the 411 listing as they are for very young corporations but in order to cover all bases, I still suggest you acquire a phone number that is listed in 411. When choosing a phone number, I will start with the number that is currently listed on the DnB file. If this number is out of service, I will contact the provider for that area (in FL it is ATT) and reactivate that phone number as an RCF(remote call forwarding number). This will do two things; it will reduce the amount of information that needs to be changed on the DnB file and it will allow you to be listed in 411. If the number is in service, you can simply use any of the business telephone options that were covered in the Business Credit Bible. One option that you may want to consider is a vumber number. You can get details at www.vumber.com. What this is, is a remote call forwarding number that you can return calls with. This is huge for some vendors that want you to return their calls. 3. Resident Agent- a registered agent is a business or individual designated to receive service of process (SOP) when a business entity is a party in a legal action such as a lawsuit or summons. FL law (as do other states) requires each corporation to have a registered agent in the state. Many companies offer this service for $100 per year. One of these corporations can be found at http://www.incorp.com/florida-registered- agent.aspx. If you have a relative or friend who resides in the state of the corporation, they can act as the resident agent. 24 | STEP 5 REINSTATE THE CORPORATION The reinstatement process is very simple for corporations that have been inactive for less than a year. i.e. Those that have a status of INACT/UA. Once you are on the profile page of the corporation, you can reinstate it online. First, click “Efiling Services”, then “Reinstatement Filing” as seen in the image below. Please not that if you are not working with a corporation that is not in the “INACT/UA” status, you can call 850-245-5069 to complete the process. Note When reinstating the corporation, it is important to pay the extra $5 or $8.25 for the certificate of status. Figure: SBS8 25 | Then enter the Document Number, as seen in the image below. Figure: SBS9 26 | Once you get to the next page, everything is pretty much self explanatory. You will have to change all necessary information to your new address, registered agent and principals. The one note at this point is the $600 reinstatement fee. You can simply click the box as shown in the image to wave the fee. I called the secretary of state to find out what are the requirements to wave the $600 fee and the rep stated, “Once you state that you did not get any notice, the fee will be waved”. Figure: SBS10 The Cost of Reinstatement It must be noted that a for profit’s corporation’s reinstatement fee is $150 per year plus $600. With the waiver, and a corporation that is in INACT/UA status, this corporation will cost you $300. An LLC in INACT/UA status will cost you $271. Although Corporations tend to get higher lines of credit, an aged LLC for $271 is well worth it. 27 | STEP 6 FIX THE BUSINESS CREDIT FILES Now that you have reinstated the corporation with the state, and changed the address and principals, you have to have the business credit bureaus aware of the changes to the corporation. There are a number of issues that we have to deal with at this point. It is important to note that you will not be able to contact Experian to have your credit file edited, you will have to wait until one of your new creditors report to Experian to establish a new credit file but the good news is that your DnB file can easily be edited. We must first start by calling DnB at 1-800-234-3867, then choose “option 1” then “option 4”. This is the department that will do the changes on the credit files. If you contact any other department they will be adamant about selling you one of their many products. When you are connected to a representative you must make them aware that you applied for credit and it was brought to your attention that your name is not on the credit file. You use this approach as a way of justifying your call to change the credit report. You must ensure that you do not mention that you recently purchased the corporation. If asked you can say that you owned the corporation for 2-5 years. You are usually asked this when DnB calls back to verify the information. The change of ownership will not clear the credit file but under the “History and Operations” section on the credit report, the length of time that you have managed the corporation is stated. At this point, the only information that can be edited on the file is your name and the phone number listed on the corporation. Once you provide them with this information, the rep will inform you that you will be contacted in 3-7 business days to confirm the information. They will first check with the Secretary of State to ensure that the information provided is correct and then contact you to confirm the information provided. Once you have spoken to DnB again via phone it will take 24 hours for the information to be updated on the credit file. If at this stage, you have access to DnBi, you can follow the changes of the corporation online. If not, you will simply have to call back the 1-800 number provided above. At this point you are listed on the corporation and the phone number of the corporation was also changed. When you call back at this point, you will now change the address of the corporation to the one you have set up for it. Other than the address, this rep can also provide you with the Eupdate login and password where you can change all other information such as the number of employees and the income. Before calling at this point you will need to ensure that you have an email set up for the corporation that is at hand. This will be necessary to acquire the eupdate username and password. It is important to note that any free email address with suffice. Many “gurus” claim that you will need your own domain name and custom email address. Although this may look better, it is definitely not necessary. Each time you change information on your credit file, it takes 3-7 days to be completed. 28 | STEP 7 APPLY FOR CREDIT So you are now at the point where your shelf corporation is set up correctly, DnB has the correct information and you are ready to roll with acquiring credit. If you have acquired a corporation with no established credit, you will have to start from tier 1 in the Business Credit Bible. If you have acquired a corporation with an 80 paydex and it is more than 2 years old (which it should be) you will start with your tier 3 accounts. See “Building Credit with your Shelf Corp” for more details. 29 | ELEMENTS NEEDED 30 | In order to accomplish everything in this ebook, you will need to have access to, and become very acquainted with three key elements. 1. The Secretary of state website of choice 2. DnBi. Yes, it’s not a typo, there is an ‘I’ 3. Eupdate THE SECRETARY OF STATE WEBSITE OF CHOICE Each state has a secretary of state website. This website usually encompasses services from elections to business incorporation for the each state. In this ebook we have covered using the FL secretary of state website in detail. It can be found at www.sunbiz.org. This was done because in my opinion, this is a very simple website with many resources. Other SOS websites that have known to be simple are Nevada and Michigan. On the following page you can view a table of the SOS websites for each state. 31 | SECRETARY OF STATE WEBSITES Alabama www.sos. state .al.us Alaska www.dced.state.ak.us/occ Arizona http://www.azsos.gov/business_services/tnt/tnt_name_search_instructions.htm Arkansas www.sosweb. state . ar .us/ California www.sos. ca .gov/business/ Colorado http://www.colorado.gov/ Connecticut www. ct .gov/sots/ Delaware http://sos.delaware.gov/ Florida www.sunbiz.org Georgia sos. georgia .gov/ Idaho www.idsos. state .id.us/ Illinois http://www.cyberdriveillinois.com/ Indiana www.in.gov/sos Iowa www.sos. state .ia.us/ Kansas www.kssos.org Kentucky www.sos.ky.gov Louisiana www.sos. louisiana .gov/ Maine www. maine .gov/sos/ Maryland www.sos. state . md .us/ Massachusetts www.sec. state . ma .us/ Michigan www. michigan .gov/sos Minnesota www.sos. state . mn .us/ Mississippi www.sos. state . ms .us/ Missouri www.sos. mo .gov/ Montana www.sos.mt.gov/ Nebraska www.sos. ne .gov Nevada http://sos.state.nv.us/ New Hampshire www.sos. nh .gov New Jersey www. state . nj .us/ state New Mexico www.sos. state .nm.us New York www.dos. state .ny.us North Carolina www. secretary . state .nc.us/corporations North Dakota www.nd.gov/sos/businessserv Ohio www.sos. state . oh .us Oklahoma www.sos. state .ok.us/ Oregon www.sos. state .or.us/ Pennsylvania www.dos. state . pa .us/corps Rhode Island www. state . ri .us South Carolina www.scsos.com/ South Dakota www.sdsos.gov Tennessee www. state . tn .us/sos Texas www.sos. state .tx.us Vermont www.sec. state . vt .us Virginia www.scc. virginia .gov Washington www.sec state .wa.gov West Virginia www.wvsos.com Wisconsin www.sos. state . wi .us Wyoming soswy. state .wy.us 32 | DNBI According to DnB, “DNBi is an interactive, customizable Web application that provides you with the most complete and up-to-date DUNSRightTM information available, as well as comprehensive monitoring and portfolio analysis. DNBi empowers you to make more informed, efficient, and insightful credit decisions by providing online access to the most complete and up-to-date information on over 120 million companies in the D&B global database.” Basically, with DnBi you will be able to pull the DnB business credit files of various corporations (the corps that you will like to reinstate) as well as monitor their changes. In order to get a DnBi account you will first need a corporation. If you do not have one at this point, do not fear, there is another way to check the credit, but DnBi is what you will really want to acquire. Dealing with DnB is always a big aspect in this business credit industry so you need to understand how they work. In order to get a DnBi account at the best price you will want to call 1-800-234-3867. This is DnB’s DnBi contact number; you need to speak as if you previously spoke to someone so that much of the sales tactics will be reduced. Before you call DnB to establish an account, you must first understand how much DnBi costs and how it is billed in order to avoid being tricked by a rep. DnBi is usually charged per pull. DnB reps are allowed to charge anything above $20 per pull and you usually can start with a maximum of 250 pulls per year, which should bring the price down to around $22 per pull (you do not have to pay this upfront so do not fear). I have had situations where a rep tried to charge me $55 per pull which came up to $10,000+ per year. There is also an option to get unlimited pulls per year after your first year of using it. The cost of signing up is usually calculated by the year, so if it is agreed that you will like to get 250 pulls at $22 per pull, your yearly charge for the first year is $5500. Once you have come to an agreed price, the next step is negotiating payment terms. If your current corporation has any kind of credit what so ever (you do not even need a paydex score) you should be qualified to get the cost invoice into three payments paid at 30, 60 and 90 days. This is ideal because you do not have to come out of pocket right away for the service. I suggest trying to get these terms so that you can try the service and determine if you will like to keep it. If you choose not to and you do not pat DnB, they will simply report the lack of payment to your business credit report and your business credit will be no good anymore. If you do not have any established credit (usually meaning that you have nothing reporting) you can be billed on a monthly basis. In this situation where your yearly charge will be $5500, your 33 | monthly payment will now be $458.33 per month. This does not mean that you are limited to a number of pulls per month; this simply gives you the ability to spread the payments out. This is not the ideal situation but it is well worth the money. Now that you understand the possible tricks of DnB with this service, let’s get you ready to make the call. Do not feel obligated to take the first deal that a rep gives you. It may be beneficial to call back as all the reps are trying to make a commission. When I call DnBi, I usually explain that I spoke to someone a few days ago about a service called DnBi because I was thinking about extending credit to clients but I needed a system to check their business credit (I say this whether this is true or not. This reduces all the initial sales tactics). I then explain that I did not remember who I spoke to but the rep explained that there are various payment options and prices for DnBi. I then claim that he mentioned something about having unlimited access as well as 250 pulls for around $5000 and I will like to get more information. Once you have stated all of this, the rep now has parameters to work within that you have given him. He will then go through the same payment options that I have mentioned above. You will want to try your very best to get it billed at that point. If the rep does not invoice you for the service, feel free to call back and tell the next rep that you spoke to a previous rep that told you that you will be able to be invoiced for the DnBi service but you lost his contact information. This rep will now do whatever it takes to get you the service that you requested at the terms that you stated. You may want to provide the rep with your email address where he can send you a number of potential options for the service. This will reduce the pressure for you to make an immediate decision and it will also give you more control over the situation. After some negotiation (when necessary), you will now have access to DnBi, which is a very simple service. It is as simple to use a as search engine and this will bring you one step closer to acquiring multiple shelf corporations. CHECKING CREDIT WITH EUPDATE This section is meant for informational purposes only. It is important that you keep track of your corporation as anyone can get access to a company’s DnBi account. You first call DnB at DnB at 1-800-234-3867, then choose “option 1” then “option 4”. Inform them that you will like to get access to your DnB account. They will ask you for the name of the principal (which is found on the profile of the company on the SOS website). You will also need an email address and the phone number of the corporation. Any email address will be fine but you can search for the phone number of the corporation at www.manta.com as well we through 411 and yellowpages.com. If they ask for your DUNS number, you can simply say that you do not know it but they can pull everything up with your business name, address and phone number. 34 | AFTER SHELF CORP ACQUISITION 35 | Acquiring the shelf corporation is just the first step. After you acquire it, there are a couple hurdles you will need to overcome as well as processes that need to take place in order to maximize the use of your shelf corp as well as all the future shelf corps that you will acquire. Some of the issues that we have to keep in mind are: 1. Doing Business in other states. i.e. your home state. 2. Where do you start when building business credit with a shelf corporation? 3. Waiting between applications. 4. Checking your Experian business credit file. 5. Potential issues that may arise with your shelf corporation. DOING BUSINESS IN OTHER STATES If you do not reside in FL, or whichever state you choose to acquire your shelf corporations, you will have some options of establishing an entity in order to do business in your home state. Many of my clients opt not to incorporate in their home state because it is an additional expense and it is not necessary. If you choose to simply keep the corporation in the initial state you simply will forward all mail and correspondence to yourself through your Virtual office. Please not that if you use USPS regular mail forwarding, this address will eventually show up on your DnB credit file as a mailing address. If you will like to establish an entity in your home state with your shelf corporation, you will have file a “Foreign filing” in your state. This can be expensive as a Foreign Filing in Texas cost $700. It may be beneficial as your DnB file will now say that you have two locations and it will also save time and the hassle of forwarding all your mail. Many vendors also do not like to ship to other addresses than your billing address. Dell in particular has known to close accounts after their initial order is to a different address other than the billing address. BUILDING BUSINESS CREDIT WITH YOUR SHELF CORPORATION Building business credit with your shelf corporation is a little different that building credit with a new corporation. If done right, your shelf corporation will already have a strong business credit file established but this does not mean that you will be able to apply for every card known to man. One thing that we must note is that your Experian Business File cannot be updated as easily as your DnB file. So what does this mean? When you change the owner and address on the corporation, if you apply to a vendor who pulls Experian Business he will not get any information available. This is due to the fact that there is no file established for your 36 | business at this new address. In order to deal with this we must first apply to all the accounts that pull DnB. These are usually CITI accounts and GE Money usually pulls Experian Business. We must also note that when applying for credit, we do not want to go on a credit spree. This is not due to any potential inquiries as in personal credit, but this is simply due to the fact that most of the business credit accounts are not backed by the same banks; so you do not want to apply for every CITI account available in the same week. The following is an example of my sequence of business credit applications once I have acquired a shelf corporation with a 78+ paydex and it is now set up with the correct address, phone number and owner. Day 1- Shelf corp is corrected and ready to roll. Application 1 = Key Bank. Application 2 = Sears. Both these applications are usually done on the first day that the corporation is ready. Day 3- Call both Key Bank and Sears (Both backed by CITI) to find out that I was approved. They will also inform you that the card will be in the mail. Day 10- Application 3 = Dell. This account is usually approved immediately online. Once this account is approved, do not order more than 5 pc’s at a time and stay away from ordering televisions in your early orders. This type of activity can raise red flags and has known to cause accounts to be closed. You may also place your first order when approved. Day 15 – Application 4 = Office Depot and Application 5 = Staples. These accounts are usually approved for $1500 - $4000 depending on how strong your corporation’s credit is. Please not that the accounts listed are not all the accounts that you are limited to applying to. I have just given my method of building business credit on these shelf corporations without raising red flags. After I acquire these initial accounts (and any other CIti accounts, such as Exxon and Shell), I use them and wait 30-45 days after I make a payment for these accounts to now report to Experian. Once they report to Experian, I can now apply for all the GE Money accounts, such as Amazon, Sams Discover, Walmart etc. Please see the business credit bible for more accounts. You can also view the various applications to get an idea which banks back which vendors. 37 | CHECKING YOUR EXPERIAN BUSINESS FILE Once you have paid the initial vendors and waited long enough, you will like to check your Experian business file. You will need to go to www.smartbusinesscreditreports.com and purchase one of their products. I suggest that you purchase one of their Business Credit Advantage Subscriptions plans as those are the most comprehensive files that they offer. OVERCOMING POTENTIAL PROBLEMS There are a number of potential problems that may arise when acquiring these shelf corporations and building credit on them. Some of them are: 1. The credit files being wiped. This is something that has been spoken about everywhere in the business credit arena. In order to avoid this, you must ensure that when you call to change the corporate information, and DnB returns your call to confirm the information, when asked how long you have owned this corporation, calmly say something like “since 2003”. This will appear on your credit file. 2. There may be an “Inactive” note on your credit file. DnB, being who they are put an inactive note on some of the files and some of the files, they seem to have missed it. If this is the case you do not have to worry. Many lenders seem to lover look it but you will not simply get denied for this. The very most you may have to do it fax in the certificate of good standing, as mentioned previously. 3. Virtual office issues. I have noticed, when using those large virtual office names (never use ups), the vendors may ask for a business license. This is simply to confirm that you do business at that address. In most cases, corporations do not need a business license to operate in FL so a utility bill will be fine. I usually fax in an ATT bill. 38 |