
         So…what is this credit secret “loophole” that anyone –
including you – can access right away?
Between the junky infomercial course I bought and my business
experience, I put two and two together. Here’s how: After I lost
my business, one of the things I was able to keep from that
business were two of my corporate business credit cards. Even
when I had to file for bankruptcy, I still got to keep those two
credit cards and I still have them to this day. One was an
American Express card and the other, a US Bank credit card.
And yes, I was allowed to keep both of them even though my
personal credit was completely trashed. This is because my
personal bankruptcy had nothing to do with my corporation.
         Back then I knew a little bit about this “secret loophole”
which was exclusively designed only for the rich, elite, and well-
connected. It’s called the corporate credit loophole. And while
you might immediately think it’s only for those who own large
corporations, nothing could be further from the truth. In fact,
right now, if you don’t have a business to do this, you can still
tap into corporate or business credit…and I’d like to show you
how.
         But first, I’d like to reveal a single mind-blowing fact…

 Banks Will Give 10 Times or More in Unsecured Credit to a
   Business or Corporation Rather Than to an Individual

          It wasn’t too long ago when I did this “experiment.” I
happened to receive a credit card pre-approval letter in the mail
from Bank of America. They said that I was “pre-approved” for
a personal credit card and all I had to do was sign and mail in the
application and they’d approve me, mail me the card, and I’d
have another credit card in my wallet.
          I didn’t do anything with the application right away. I
just left it on my dining room table and didn’t think about it
again until I got another pre-approved credit card application in
the mail from the same bank…Bank of America. But this time,
this pre-approval was for my old business. Yes, I still had my


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 5