
credit to corporations…because they believe their resonably
assured that these business owners will use this credit to further
their business activites to grow their profits to, in turn, pay back
the credit that was borrowed from these banks.
         Plus…since companies do use the unsecured credit for
things needed to operate their businesses, banks and lenders
believe that the money they are lending is being used for
necessities to grow their profits and not for anything frivilous or
risky.
         On the flipside, when they approve a personal credit card
or line of credit, they realize that the unsecured credit is likely
going to be used for luxury or impractical purchases from
vacations to big screen TVs. These kinds of purchases increases
the bank’s lending “assessment,” putting it into the highest risk
threshold which is why they, by default, drastically minimize the
amount of available credit they will issue to you on a personal
level, even if you do have a high personal credit FICO score.
         So, the only way to access hundreds of thousands of
dollars in unsecured credit virtually overnight is to have a
corporation or business. But…

 What If You Don’t Have a Business? Can You Still Qualify
                to Get Corporate Credit?

         Yes, you can! You don’t have to have an operating or
functional business. You just have to have a business. And you
can get one in about 48 hours in most cases. Sometimes a little
longer. Once you have a corporation, you can then start
applying for business credit cards right away!
         This is the beauty of this whole thing. You see, each
credit card can be worth anywhere from $25,000 to $50,000
right off the bat. I’ve even gotten some credit cards that
approved me for $100,000 right away even with a brand new
corporation!
         And here’s another secret: if you apply for all of these
credit cards at the exact same time (which is only possible when


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 7