
CREDIT SECRETS




The Blueprint on how to raise your credit Score to 100 points


By Brian Mitchell













Edition 2019
© Copyright 2019 by – All rights reserved
This document is geared towards providing exact and reliable information in regards to the topic and issue covered. The publication is sold with the idea that the publisher is not required to render accounting, officially permitted, or otherwise, qualified services. If advice is necessary legal or professional, a practiced individual in the profession should be ordered.
From a Declaration of Principles which was accepted and approved equally by a Committee of the American Bar Association and a Committee of Publishers and Associations.
In no way is it legal to reproduce, duplicate or transmit any part of this document in either electronic means or in oriented format. Recording of this publication is strictly prohibited and any storage of this document is not allowed unless with written permission from the publisher. All rights reserved.
The information provided herein is stated to be truthful and consistent, in that any liability, in terms of inattention or otherwise, by any usage or abuse of any policies, processes, or directions contained within is the solitary and utter responsibility of the recipient reader. Under no circumstances will any legal responsibility or blame be held against the publisher for any reparation, damages, or monetary loss due to the information herein, either directly or indirectly.
Respective authors own all copyrights not held by the publisher.
The information herein is offered for informational purposes solely, and is universal as so. The presentation of the information is without contract or any type of guarantee assurance.
The trademarks that are used are without any consent and the publication of the trademark is without permission or backing by the trademark owner. All trademarks and brands within this book are for clarifying purposes and are the owned by the owners themselves, not affiliated to with this document.

Disclaimer
The content of this book has been checked and compiled with great care. For the completeness, correctness and topicality of the contents however no guarantee or guarantee can be taken over. The content of this book represents the personal experience and opinion of the author and is for entertainment purposes only. The content should not be confused with medical help. There will be no legal 
Responsibility or liability for damages resulting from counterproductive exercise or errors by the reader. No guarantee can be given for success. The author therefore assumes no responsibility for the non-achievement of the goals described in the book. 


Table of Contents
Disclaimer	3
1. INTRODUCTION: UNDERSTAND YOUR CREDIT SCORE	5
Procedure - How Do they Work?	11
What Credit Score Is Needed	12
How 9 Common Actions Can Affect Your Credit Score	14
2. THE IMPORTANCE OF A GOOD CREDIT SCORE	19
Poor Credit Vs Good Credit	21
How to Convert Bad Credit to Good Credit	23
3. CREDIT REPAIR	24
Is there a magic formula to repair your credit?	24
Credit repair can increase your credit score in just 30 days	27
Be Wary Of Credit Scams	37
4. STARTING FROM THE SCRATCH AND MAINTAINING IT	40
How to build credit score quickly?	40
Credit Repair: How To Improve Your Credit Score	43
How To Improve Your Credit Score After Bankruptcy	48
Improve Credit Scores After Foreclosure	50
5. WHAT IS A FICO SCORE?	53
Understanding The Fico Credit Scoring Algorithm	53
How "FICO 08" Impacts Your Credit Score	55
myFICO Review: Everything you always wanted to know	56
How Credit Queries Affect Your Credit Score	59
6. RATING AGENCIES	61
Who are the rating agencies?	61
7. CREDIT SCORE TIPS	67
Getting Your Credit Score To Work For You	67
CONCLUSION	73
Appreciation	73



1