INTRODUCTION: UNDERSTAND YOUR CREDIT SCORE

Before you can work to improve your credit score, you must first understand what it consists of.

Your credit score is like a financial grade point average (GPA). It is a way to inform lenders, creditors, and sometimes even potential employers how you have handled your financial responsibilities in the past. A higher score suggests a reduction in the risks of offering credit; a lower one suggests that it could be a higher risk. A good credit score can make a difference when you are trying to buy a new car, request the rental of an apartment or buy your first home, whatever your goal.
The factors that influence your credit score vary slightly depending on the company you consult. Each of the main credit agencies - Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion - calculates its own score based on a single algorithm. While these scores are usually based on the FICO score model (Fair, Isaac and Company), your score will often be different for each agency.
However, you can greatly influence your credit score by understanding the main factors that credit bureaus consider. Here are five tips to help you understand and possibly improve your credit scores.
Factor No. 1 of credit score: payment history
According to FICO, your payment history accounts for 35 percent of your score. Payment history includes information about your account payments, such as the number of accounts you have paid on time and any delinquent payments. To improve this fragment of your credit score, work toward consistently making timely payments for revolving loans, such as credit cards, and installment loans, such as student loans. It is also smart to develop a plan to achieve a goal of debt cancellation.
Your payment history also lists adverse public records, such as bankruptcies or lawsuits. Generally, public records can remain on your report for seven years, but bankruptcies can appear for up to 10 years.
Factor No. 2 credit score: amounts of debt
How much you must account for 30 percent of your FICO score. This includes the amount you owe on credit accounts, as well as the proportion of debt to available credit.
To improve this credit score factor, keep credit card balances low in relation to the available credit, and pay bills on time. If you tend to maximize your credit cards or approach your credit limits every month, lenders will consider it a high risk. It is also useful to find out how much you could have to pay off a credit card before increasing your balances.
Credit score factor No. 3: duration of the credit history
The duration of your credit history accounts for 15 percent of your FICO score. This includes how long your accounts have been open and the time since your last account activity. A longer credit history gives lenders a better idea of their long-term financial behavior.
If you do not have a credit history, lenders will consider other factors, such as bank accounts, employment history, and residency history. For example, if you have a savings account or checking account in good condition, your bank will be more willing to offer you a credit card or loan. If you still have difficulty obtaining credit, you might consider creating your credit with a secured credit card - which uses the money you put in a secured deposit account as collateral - or an insured loan, which is a loan in which you offer an asset as collateral.
Credit score factor No. 4: types of credit used
The different types of credit you use an account for 10 percent of your FICO score. Having a variety of account types, such as credit cards, home loans, and retail accounts, can tell lenders that you have lower credit risk. You can potentially improve your score by opening new types of accounts, but apply for credit only when you need it. Never apply for credit just for the purpose of improving your score.
Factor No. 5 credit score: new credit
The new loan accounts for 10 percent of your FICO score. This means the number of new requests for new credit, including the number of recent major requests (when a lender reviews your credit) and the number of new accounts you have opened in the last 60-90 days.
Requesting a high number of new credit accounts in a short period of time can have a negative impact on your score. Lenders will consider it a sign of risk. Instead of responding to each card offer with a low-interest introductory rate, apply for new credit only when it makes financial sense for your situation and objectives. And if they deny it, take some time to work towards improving your credit score before requesting it again.

All About The Credit Score
The credit score or FICO score is a score that goes from approximately 300 to 850. That number is calculated using a secret mathematical formula where our behavior is taken into account when paying debts.
The credit score is used by banks, insurers, landlords, employers, companies, in general, to qualify us when they will give us credit, a job or even provide a service.

Credit Score Vs Credit Report:
The FICO score or credit score is given by an agency called Fair Isaac Corporation and they calculate it based on our credit reports.
A credit score is a number that goes from 300 to 850. Although theoretically, it is only one (1) credit score, each one of the credit reporting agencies gives one, that is, there are 3 scores.

What we really call the credit score is the FICO score.
What's in the credit reports:
There are 3 credit reporting agencies: Equifax, Transunion, and Experian. What these companies do is collect and consolidate information about our life in general:
•    Where we live
•    Where we work
•    What do we buy
•    Who we are paying (rent, mortgage, stores, etc.)
•    If we have accounts of services or utility accounts (electricity, telephone, water, TV, etc.)
•    If we apply to open any credit card account
•    If we apply to any consumer account (furniture, store, etc.)
•    If they lent us money for a purchase, etc.
•    For how long have we been financially active
Based on that credit report and using a mathematical formula, they calculate our credit score.
Each agency calculates a score with the information it has and the Fair Isaac Corp combines the reports of the 3 agencies and calculates in FICO.
You can ask for those free credit reports and see what they are reporting about you. You will also see if there are errors and you can correct them so that they do not affect your credit score.
How they calculate the credit score:
FICO Score - Credit Score - As calculated
Payment history
35%
Amounts Due (level of indebtedness)
30%
Long credit history
15%
New credits (debts)
10%
Credit Mix
10%

Although we know the passage of each factor, the exact formula to calculate the credit score is secret.

Let's see what each one that means:
	•	History of Payment of your Debts:
It refers to whether we pay the bills on time. If you never pay late for any receipt this rating should be perfect. But almost nobody is perfect and even if you always pay on time sometimes there are mistakes: the receipt was lost or the check arrived late, etc.
It is the most important and what more weight has. If you want to have a good credit score, have your bills paid on time at goal # 1.
	•	Amount owed or Indebtedness level:
Ideally, you use 35% or less of your ability to borrow or your available credit.
For example, if you have credit cards with a credit limit of $ 1,000, ideally, do not use more than $ 350. If you use more it is considered that you have a high level of indebtedness and that will take away points in your credit rating.
	•	Long credit history:
The longer the better. The agencies still do not know how "good or bad pay" you are. Based on our behavior over the years they estimate how risky it is to lend us money.
If you start your financial life in the USA, do not worry, it's better to have no history than to have it bad. A little patience is the only thing you can do here.
	•	New Credits:
They refer to whether we are opening accounts or acquiring new debts. This immediately affects the credit score because it means that we are in need of money. The mere fact of applying for a loan will lower your score. Be careful in giving your social security number to get the "credit", just apply when you are ready to buy.
	•	The mix of Credits:
They will give you more points if you have different types of credit because they will be able to better qualify how is their behavior to pay them. The idea is to have a good mix of debts: housing (rent or mortgage), car, credit card, utilities (telephone, TV, etc.) and others. This does not mean that you should get into debt just because of your credit score.
Based on these values of our history, the agencies do their calculations and give us a credit score
Credit Score Table:
FICO Score
Meaning
Exceptional
800 or more
Very Good or High
740 to 790
Good
670 to 739
Regular
580 to 669
Bad
579 or less

Because there are Credit Scores:
Credit scores are a tool that banks and lenders have to know the risk that each one of us represents when lending us money.
If my score is high, this tells the lender that I am a responsible person who has historically paid their bills on time. He/she feels calm lending me money because most likely he/she will pay it back.
If on the contrary, I have a bad score, the lender is running the risk that I will not pay him and lose his money. That's why he charges higher interest because apparently, I'm not so responsible with my debts.


Are there any other criteria for lending money in addition to the FICO Credit Score?
The lender is free to use the criteria you want. In the USA, 90% of the companies that lend money use the FICO Score. However, who is going to lend money is who decides what importance it gives to the score.
Car financing companies are usually more flexible and give credit to people with low scores or recent payment problems. There is more, they change the formula to calculate the score when what is going to be done is a car loan.
Banks and mortgage companies, on the other hand, are much stricter when lending money. And in addition to asking that we have a certain minimum credit score, they also demand that the credit report be impeccable: no collections (collections), outstanding debts, etc.
Many of us have to "fix" the credit report first before we can obtain a mortgage loan.

Are there other Credit Score Tables?
Yes, although 90% use FICO every day, a score called the Vantage Score is being used. This new vantage score is being used by 10% of the companies and they calculate it differently from the FICO score.
Although the Vantage Score is not as popular as the FICO Score, it is important that we keep in mind that they are calculating them. As we see, more and more importance is given to our behavior when it comes to paying bills.

That does NOT influence to calculate the credit score:
Does not influence race, religion, nationality, gender, marital status, age, salary, occupation, education, employee or employment history, where you live or how much money you have.
These factors have no influence when calculating your credit score but your lender can take them into account when approving for a debt.
Some are illegal, such as race, religion, etc, but nevertheless, they are still used. If you feel you have been discriminated against, there are resources to complain.

Procedure - How Do they Work?

How your credit score is calculated
Know what your credit score is based on and the various ways in which you can improve it.
Your credit score is one of the most important measures of your solvency. Your Fair Isaac Company FICO® Credit Report Score is based on the measurement criteria developed by Fair Isaac Corporation. The higher your score, the less risky you are to lenders. Fortunately, if you understand what affects your credit score, you can take steps to improve it. 
The 5 pieces of your credit score
Your credit score is based on the following five factors:
	•	Your payment history represents 35% of your score. 
This shows if you make the payments on time, how often you miss payments, how many days after the due date you pay your bills and when was the last time payments were missed. The higher the proportion of punctual payments, the higher your score. Each time you miss a payment, you risk losing points.
	•	The amount you owe on loans and credit cards constitutes 30% of your score. 
This is based on the total amount you owe, the amount and types of accounts you have, and the proportion of money owed compared to the amount of credit available. High balances and credit cards to the limit will lower your credit score, but lower balances may increase it if you pay on time. New loans with a short payment history can temporarily lower your score, but loans that are closer to settlement can raise it because they show a successful payment history.
	•	The seniority of your credit history represents 15% of your score. 
The older your payment history is, the higher your score will be. It might seem wise to avoid applying for credit and having debts, but in reality, this can hurt your score if the lenders do not have any credit history to examine.
	•	The types of accounts you have made up 10% of your score. 
Having a combination of accounts, including installment loans, mortgage loans, and credit cards and retail stores, will increase your score.
	•	The recent credit activity constitutes the last 10%. 
If you have opened many accounts lately or have requested to open accounts, this suggests a possible financial problem and may lower your score. However, if you have had the same loans or credit cards for an extended period and pay them on time - even after having payment problems - your score will increase over time.
Finally, the best way to increase your credit score is to use loans and credit cards responsibly and make timely payments. The more you demonstrate your credit history that you can handle credit responsibly, the more willing lenders will be to offer you credit at a competitive rate.

What Credit Score Is Needed 

What credit score do I need to buy a house?
In general, you need a credit score above 620 to qualify for a traditional fixed-rate mortgage at a good interest rate. To qualify for an Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM), you will generally need at least 600.
However, there are programs available that help first-time homebuyers overcome the challenges of low credit. With funding through the Federal Housing Authority (FHA), you can qualify for funding with a score as low as 560.
NOTE: Just because I can qualify, does not mean I have to borrow! You will pay higher interest rates, than on a mortgage, which equals many thousands more paid during the term of the loan. Always consider the total cost and the monthly cost carefully, before taking out a loan.

What credit score do I need to buy a car?
The loans for the purchase of automobiles are quite flexible as the financing progresses. You can find automatic loans for a bad credit rating, which allow you to finance with a score as low as 500. However, these loans can be very risky and the rates can be extremely high. In fact, sometimes your rate can be so high that you barely pay the capital as you make payments. Your payments will barely make a dent in the principal or principal of the debt, which in reality will remain with little variation to the downside.
In general, you will want to have a score of at least 600. For a new car, we recommend having a score higher than 661 so you will be in the main range. For used cars, close to the prime score is generally acceptable, so that would be something over 600.
 
What is a good credit score to lease with the option to purchase (leasing)?
The leasing generally follows the same score ranges to buy. A lease is effectively like a loan, so the lender will still want to assess your creditworthiness. In general, you will want to get a maximum score or a good grade for a good rate, any amount that is greater than 660. However, any amount greater than 600 may be sufficient.

What credit score do I need for a credit card?
Credit cards are also generally flexible when it comes to qualifying for one. In fact, there are cards available for people who have a bad credit history. These secured credit cards are designed to help you generate credit if your score is less than 500. You make a cash deposit to open the account and obtain a line of credit equivalent to your deposit. You can open these accounts even with a score of 400 or less.
In the case of traditional unsecured credit cards, it will generally be necessary to have a score higher than 600. If your score is higher than 700, you can generally qualify for any card you want. However, to get those great offers of advertised credit cards, you need a score of 720 or more. Only excellent credit scores enjoy the best credit cards with the lowest rates.
It is also worth noting that you should call periodically to renegotiate interest rates when your credit score improves. You do not technically refinance the credit card debt. Instead, it usually only asks for a reduction in the interest rate. Every time your score improves significantly, call your creditors to negotiate the lowering of the interest rates that apply to you.

What credit score do I need to refinance?
In addition to negotiating interest rates on credit cards, you should also consider refinancing loans if your credit score improves. You can refinance a loan to obtain a lower interest rate, which will allow you to save money during the term of the loan. However, just keep in mind that refinancing can generate additional charges, such as closing costs when refinancing a mortgage.

How 9 Common Actions Can Affect Your Credit Score

Four things that do not affect credit and ... the five that do affect it.
Building your credit history may not be easy, but it may be harder still to keep it clear. 
A survey was recently conducted where they discovered that many people do not know what affects their credit score. For example, the survey revealed that:
▪  63% of respondents believe that their income affects the credit score when in reality the income has nothing to do with the credit report.
▪  60% of respondents think that work history affects the score. The work history does not influence the credit score at all.
▪  53% of respondents think that the amount of savings and money in the bank is proportional to the credit score. Nothing is further from reality.
▪  39% of respondents have the mistaken belief that age is a factor that influences credit scores.
Neither the income, nor the work history, nor the savings or the money that is kept in the bank, nor the age are factors that are used to calculate the credit score.
5 Factors That Do, on the other hand
▪  35% of your score depends on your credit history: Or what is the same your debt history. If you do not have debts there is nothing to report, and if there is nothing to report then you have no credit history.
▪  30% of the score is based on the debt levels: How much you owe in relation to the credit limit. Having credit and using a certain part of it does not affect your score, but if you have more than 30% of debts in relation to your credit limit, then you begin to affect your score negatively. If your debts go down too much, your score begins to disappear.
▪  15% Time: For how long have you had credit. In other words, how long have you been in debt?
▪  10% has to do with the type of debt: It is not the same to have a credit card of $ 500 that one with a limit of $ 25,000 or a financed car or a Lease. The more important the debt, the greater the positive impact on the credit score.
▪  10% New applications: the last time you applied for the credit. Or what is the same the last time you applied to get into debt.
As you can see, the credit score only measures the capacity and fulfillment of debt payments.

Why did my credit rating drop?
In today's financial world, your credit rating is a versatile tool that can help you in various situations, such as securing loans and other credit products. In fact, your rating is one of the main items used by lenders to determine your creditworthiness, as well as the interest rate you will pay for their products once approved. That's why it's extremely important to keep your credit rating in good shape whenever you can. It really makes all the difference to the health of your finances, both now and in the near future. Unfortunately, a decent income and a history of employment are not always enough to guarantee the credit products you want. However, these elements, associated with a good credit rating, are usually. The only problem is that your credit rating fluctuates with each credit-related transaction you make, whether you pay your credit card bill or simply ask for a new credit product. There are many reasons why your credit rating increases and decreases. Some things, such as timely payments, drive up your score, while others, such as missed payments, will eventually make it fall. Then, once your score goes down, it can be difficult and tedious to restore it, which is another reason why you should monitor it regularly and keep it as healthy as possible. whether you're paying for your credit card bill or just asking for a new credit product. There are many reasons why your credit rating increases and decreases. Some things, such as timely payments, drive up your score, while others, such as missed payments, will eventually make it fall. Then, once your score goes down, it can be difficult and tedious to restore it, which is another reason why you should monitor it regularly and keep it as healthy as possible. whether you're paying for your credit card bill or just asking for a new credit product. There are many reasons why your credit rating increases and decreases. Some things, such as timely payments, drive up your score, while others, such as missed payments, will eventually make it fall. Then, once your score goes down, it can be difficult and tedious to restore it, which is another reason why you should monitor it regularly and keep it as healthy as possible. will eventually make it fall. Then, once your score goes down, it can be difficult and tedious to restore it, which is another reason why you should monitor it regularly and keep it as healthy as possible. will eventually make it fall. Then, once your score goes down, it can be difficult and tedious to restore it, which is another reason why you should monitor it regularly and keep it as healthy as possible.

What is a credit rating?
Before moving on to the things that cause your score to fall, it's best to understand what your credit score is, and to be a useful financial tool, of course. Essentially, your credit score is a three-digit number that groups all your shares as a credit user, much like your average. All your negative and positive credit transactions are calculated together to form a number between 300 and 900. If you have already been approved for a credit product, such as a credit card or personal loan (mortgage loan, loan of vehicle, etc.).), this means that you have a credit score. It also means that a credit report has been opened on your behalf by Canada's major credit reporting agencies, Equifax and TransUnion. Here, we will use credit cards as an example because it is usually the first product that allows a credit user to appear on the card. Most people ask for their first credit card through their bank, which anyone can do once they reach the age of 18. However, some parents also buy prepaid credit cards for their minor children as gifts or in an emergency. what everyone can do once they reach the age of 18. However, some parents also buy prepaid credit cards for their minor children as gifts or in an emergency. what everyone can do once they reach the age of 18. However, some parents also buy prepaid credit cards for their minor children as gifts or in an emergency.
Once you have been approved by the card of your choice, the credit card company reports your activity to the credit bureau with which they are in partnership, which will then create a credit report. From now on, each time you use your card, the issuing company records each action and reports it once a month. In most cases, banks and other lenders only deal with one of the two offices, but some fall under both. In fact, you have two credit ratings, one with Equifax and one with TransUnion. When considering a new loan, your lenders review the results with their partner office. According to TransUnion, 650 is the magic number that you should try to stay above. With a score of 650 and over, you should have no problem getting approved regardless of the credit product you need. In turn, once your score goes below 650, not only are your odds reduced but if you are approved, you will end up paying a higher interest rate than someone who has a better deal. 

Main reasons why your credit rating may go down
As previously mentioned, there are several factors that determine how your credit rating fluctuates. Some of the most notable areas that can result in your credit score include, but are not limited to:
	•	Your credit-related delinquencies
In credit terminology, "delinquency" refers to negative credit-related transactions that have become more serious than basic late penalties. When credit accounts with large balances remain too long without being paid, the lender sometimes sells them to collection agencies. If the situation becomes public, that is to say, it is brought to court, the collection account will be reported to the credit bureau, where it will remain up to 6 years. Meanwhile, the user's credit rating will drop. The same type of event also occurs in claims, consumer proposals, bankruptcies, etc.
	•	Your payment history
One of the main factors that affect your credit score is, of course, your payment history to your different credit accounts. Most of the credit products you use have a minimum balance payment and a maximum payment date that you must comply with to avoid penalties. For example, each credit card is accompanied by a monthly statement including an invoice. If you are unable to pay at least the minimum monthly payment on the due date, you will be charged both penalties and interest on the unpaid portion of the bill. Late payment, short payments, or missed payments for any credit product will have a negative impact on your credit rating, especially if the bill lasts more than 30 days without being paid.
	•	Recent investigations
Each time you apply for new credit, your lender will extract a copy of your credit report to determine your creditworthiness. This is known as an "investigation". There are two types of credit surveys. When you ask for a copy of your credit report yourself, it is an "informal request" and will not affect your credit score. On the other hand, a "thorough investigation" is conducted when a lender or other financial organization review your report during its approval process. In-depth audits lower your credit rating. Although this does not seem to have much impact, in the beginning, too many in-depth demands will drastically reduce your score. A serious investigation can stay on your Equifax report up to 3 years and up to 6 years with TransUnion. That's why it's best not to ask for too much credit products in a short period of time. History / Duration of your active accounts the same as asking for too much new credit can have a negative impact on your credit score, having too many active accounts for just a short time is not the best way to preserve your credit score. When it comes to credit accounts, the longer your manager's behavior, such as full / on-time payments, is, the better your credit score is. That's why it's best not to open and cancel multiple credit card accounts in a short period of time, especially if they have balances. If you need to cancel an account, make sure to pay the remaining balance first.
	•	Your credit use
With each credit account, you activate, a credit limit is set. For products such as credit cards, you will also have the option to increase your limit after a certain period of responsible use. However, the closer you get to your limit, the lower your credit score. This is one of the reasons why it is important to avoid wasting your credit cards or other accounts. According to Equifax and TransUnion, it's best not to use more than 30% of your available credit.
	•	The number of accounts you have
Closely linked to credit applications, having too many active credit accounts of all kinds can be a warning to credit bureaus that you have a debt problem and that you rely too much on credit. On the other hand, having a variety of well-balanced and responsibly used credit products can actually be good for your credit score. However, having too many unpaid accounts at random can certainly ruin it.
	•	Undisputed errors
The undisputed mistakes made by the credit reporting agencies and the lenders themselves are another area that can have a profound effect on your credit score. In fact, this is one of the main reasons to regularly request a copy of your credit report. Since both credit bureaus operate exclusively online, they generally accept the information provided by the lenders without verifying their accuracy. As a result, any mistakes can go unnoticed and negatively affect your credit score. Some of the common mistakes are:
•    Incorrect personal information (name, postal address, date of birth, etc.)
•    Invalid social insurance number
•    Late payments that were not really late.
•    Unauthorized in-depth credit investigations
The most serious mistakes occur during fraud and identity theft. Sometimes, credit accounts will be opened on your behalf without you even being aware of it. By using your personal information, an identity thief can open an account and claim all the credit he wants. Credit bureaus will no longer be notified. If you do not notice it and the account remains unpaid for too long, it will not only damage your credit score but could lead to further financial turmoil until the error is corrected. On top of that, the demands of the lenders in your report, thinking that you have applied it, will damage your credit score. If you find an error in your report, you can dispute it with the relevant credit bureau. If he justifies it, it should be corrected within a few weeks. If you're worried about fraud or identity theft, you can also pay for the proposed credit monitoring service for a fee from both agencies, which should alert you every time an account is activated in your name.



2