THE IMPORTANCE OF A GOOD CREDIT SCORE


A good credit score is crucial to the financial transaction with attractive terms. A credit score is a three-digit number reflected in your credit report and is the factor that will determine your financing capacity, interest rate, loan costs and even maximum loan amount. Your score will determine whether or not you are approved for the requested funding, as well as what interest rate will be charged. 
A good credit score is generally considered to be 700 or higher.
Agencies that guarantee or insure mortgage loans may have different standards or conditions of what they consider to be a good credit score, so it is important to maintain a high score to receive the most favorable interest rates and the cheapest closing costs.
Clients should know where their credit score is before requesting a loan or having the intention of acquiring property; to find out if your score will be of help for more attractive terms since there are penalties that could increase the costs of the loan and interest rate.
Once you know where your credit score is, the type of financing and offers to offer to the customer will be determined.
A credit score is a numerical expression based on a level analysis of a person's credit files, which represent solvency and responsibility by fulfilling terms accepted by a contract between the creditor and the client.  
Lenders, like banks, use credit scoring to assess the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers. 
The credit score is not limited to banks. Other organizations, such as mobile phone companies, insurance companies, owners, and government departments employ the same techniques.
If your credit score is low for reasons beyond your control, this could work to increase in different ways depending on the situation. This exercise can be done by the same consumer or through an agency dedicated to this. In the case of mortgage loans, having a low score would affect the type of financing, terms, and costs, according to the requirements and conditions of the type of loan; for example, FHA loans allow you to finance the maximum as long as the credit score is greater than 580 points. To obtain FHA funding with low points, it must be documented that the problem was caused by a strenuous situation beyond your control, but one that is already in control. 
In conventional loans they apply penalties for credit scores that are charged to the client, this could affect the client applying a higher interest to the requested and higher costs. Having a high score is an economic benefit in terms of transaction costs. It is also important to mention that in mortgage loans the score that will define the terms and costs is the median of the applicant with the lowest score. I explain; There are three credit companies - Trans Union, Experian, and Equifax - each one of them issues a score for each debtor, of the three the medians are chosen and of the two medians the smaller one is used.
If you have a problem with a specific score, you can contact the agency directly, send the evidence and request a "rescore" to correct any score that you understand was affected by incorrect information, a debt that does not belong to you or debt that keeps coming out as active.
 
Why is your credit score important?
When you apply for credit, insurance, telephone service and even to rent a place to live, providers want to know if you have a good level of risk. And to make that decision, they use credit scores.
A credit score is a number. A high score means you have good credit. A low score means you have bad credit. A higher score means that you represent a lower risk and that you are more likely to get the product or service - or pay less.
It works as follows: Credit grantors extract information from your credit reports, such as your bill payment history, the age of your accounts, your unpaid debts and the collection actions initiated against you. A credit scoring system assigns points to each of the factors that serve to predict which candidates are most likely to pay a debt. The total number of points - a credit score - helps predict the odds that you will pay a loan and meet the payments by the set dates.

Credit scores can be used in various ways. These are some examples.
	•	Insurance companies use the information in your credit report and also combine it with other factors to predict the level of probability that you present an insurance claim and also to predict the amount you could claim. Consider this information to decide if they will grant you insurance and how much they will charge you.
	•	Public service companies use credit scores to decide if they will require a deposit from a new customer to provide the service. Cell phone providers and homeowners who rent homes also use scores when considering a new client or tenant.
	•	Each type of company has different scoring systems and credit scoring models can also be based on other information apart from the data in your credit report. For example, when you apply for a mortgage loan, the system can consider the amount of the advance, the total amount of your debts and your income.
	•	In order to improve your credit score in most systems - focus on paying your bills by date, cancel outstanding balances and avoid incurring new debts.

Poor Credit Vs Good Credit 

Poor Credit:
Poor credit describes an individual's record as a consumer when it specifies that the borrower has great credit risk. A poor financial assessment indicates bad credit, while a high FICO (Fair Isaac Corporation) score is an indicator of positive points. Creditors who lend money to a person with terrible credit face a superior risk of that individual missing payments or defaulting than creditors who lend to people with great credit.
Good Credit:
A capability of a person's record as a consumer that specifies that the borrower is protected credit hazard. A high assessment score is a sign of good credit score, while a low FICO score indicates a bad rating score. A person's credit history relies on a number of factors, including the amount borrowed, the amount of accessible credit remaining and the timeliness of payments.
Cost of Poor Credit:
When it comes to your credit score, if you aren't making the suitable or apt financial decisions to keep it as high as possible, you are playing with fire that could cost you a lot of money.
In recent times creditors have had to become more selective about who they loan to. As a result, the difference someone will pay with bad credit versus good credit is considerable. Lower scores can extremely change your financial position for your whole life.
Poor FICO rating points can really take a fee on a person's life - and in a bad way. In fact, the effects can be worse than one might think.
A poor score can make it next to terrible to attain a new car, an apartment, a personal loan for any small requirements too. Even something as simple as getting a new credit card will be out of the question for a consumer with a negative history.
Cost of Good Credit:
The situation between two who make the same financial acquisitions and moves over the phase of their life. They may work in the same place; they live in the same area and have similar income and family. The only difference between the two is their credit score.
•    If one maintains the good score by:
•    Never max out the credit cards.
•    Applying for credit sparingly.
•    Paying bills on time.
Creditors value this type of borrowing and reward the one by offering more credit, improving credit limits, which permits the one to spread her balances across numerous cards. One should know how important ones be in debt and how should take the necessary steps to protect it.
•    People can get loans faster.
•    Credit decisions are fairer.
•    Credit rates are lower overall.
•    More credit is available.

How to Convert Bad Credit to Good Credit

Nowadays, the actual worth of an individual is measured by his or her having bad credit or good credit. A person who pays all the bills on time will end up with an excellent credit rating, while a person who is casual about payments will almost always end up having bad credit. A bad loan credit will create a lot of problems in the long run and the person may not be able to get any future loans not just from the bank he or she has earlier borrowed but from any other bank as well. Even if he or she is able to get a loan, it will be on an extremely high-interest rate.
Hence, it is best to follow the following steps to ensure that you do not have poor bad credit or are slowly able to convert it into good credit.
1. The first and the most important thing is to pay all the bills on time, every time. Always remember that if you pay your bills more than 30 days after the last date of payment, not only is there an extra charge but also your credit rating is spoilt.
2. All of us need to understand that the rate of interest that we pay on credit cards for exceeds any other rate of interest that we may pay for any other loan. People boast of having a large number of credit cards and also pay just the minimum balance to keep the card active. This can really get you in big trouble. Hence, reduce the number of credit cards you have and try to pay the amount in full. This will help you save money and also enhance your credit ratings.
3. Avoid any kind of tax liens and bankruptcies as they are bad for credit and remain on your credit report for at least 10 years. During this time you will not be eligible for taking any loan from any bank or financial institution. This can put you in serious trouble as it will become extremely difficult to own a vehicle or a home.
4. A number of times we get ready to become a co-borrower with a friend or a relative to help them out. Always remember that if you co-sign a particular loan your credit history will be impacted by no payment or late payment of that particular loan. Therefore, become a co-borrower, if and only if, you are sure that all payments will be made on time.
It does not matter whether you have a road loan bad credit or a bad mortgage credit, work towards rectifying your situation and you will be happy with the direction your life will be taking.



3