CREDIT REPAIR

Is there a magic formula to repair your credit?

No. And be careful of the companies that claim to have it.


Do not trust those agencies that ask you for money in advance to help you clean up your credit. In short, you cannot.
Having bad credit negatively affects several aspects of a person's life. Beyond not being able to get a loan or have very high-interest rates on credit cards, it can also impact the ability to rent a home or even get a job.
Often, someone with bad credit is desperate to improve or try to resolve their situation. Unfortunately, there are unscrupulous people and companies trying to take advantage of that vulnerability.
Credit repair service ads that offer to erase bad credit records or eliminate unpaid liens or debts from your credit file, all with guaranteed results, are very common. But the reality is that most of that advertising is false and those who go to companies that offer these services can become the target of scams.
"You have to be very careful. We must not believe the promises that are going to save us from the problems, "says Rigo Reyes, head of research and consumer protection for the Los Angeles County Department of Consumer and Business Services. "They use the need and desperation to swindle us and deceive us so that we pay them money for a service that they will not provide us."
According to a study by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), Hispanics are more likely to be victims of debt-related fraud but tend not to report it.

Can you repair the credit?
In summary, no.
But you can correct errors in your credit file such as accounts, bankruptcies or legal actions that are not yours, debts more than seven years old, unchecked debts, incorrect dates and misspellings on your behalf.

Savings for you
There are legitimate companies offering services to "repair the credit". But all they can do is review your credit files, report disputes and follow up with the agencies that collect your credit information. That is, they do the same thing that you could do on your own.
You can make these corrections yourselves directly with the credit agencies without the need to pay someone. And that's not repairing the credit. That's just updating your credit report because, by law, the information in your credit reports must be correct. 

How the "credit repairmen" cheat
In addition to charging a high initial fee and monthly payments to supposedly fix a client's credit, many "credit repairmen" dispute accounts and debts even if they are true to pretend that credit problems were erased from your report.
They make that maneuver because, by law, the credit agencies must investigate the dispute and while they are doing it, they have to remove the negative information from the report. But once the investigation is over and the original creditor shows evidence that the consumer did have that debt, that information has to go back to the credit report.

Calculator
Determine how much monthly income your retirement savings could provide you by withdrawing.
If you still decide to get help from one of these providers, you should know your rights. Under the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, specifically the statute of Credit Repair Organizations (CROA), it is illegal for credit repair companies to mislead and lie about what they can do. In addition, they are prohibited from charging their services in advance.
Despite the existence of this law, many credit repair companies ignore you. Every year, hundreds of complaints of abuses committed by these businesses are reported to the FTC (Federal Trade Commission) and the Office for Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). Although the FTC cannot resolve individual disputes on credit issues, it can initiate legal action against a company when multiple complaints are reported and possible violations of the law are identified.
Instead of going to a "credit repairman", it is preferable to consult with a financial advisor or credit counselor of a non-profit organization to analyze your situation and help you organize your finances and make a plan to pay your debts.

Monitor your credit report
A study by the FTC found that one in five people have errors in their credit reports that could reduce their credit ratings. Therefore, it is important to review your file periodically to be sure that there is no incorrect information that affects your credit.
The financial and credit information compiled by the credit reporting agencies -Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion- is entered into a file that determines each person's credit score or rating. The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) stipulates that you are entitled to receive a free copy of your credit report from each of the three agencies once every 12 months. It is recommended that you request your credit report from the agencies in a phased manner: one agency every four months.
If there are erroneous data, you must report them to these agencies to update the information. By law, credit reporting agencies must investigate discrepancies within 30 days, unless they consider the disputed items unfounded.
The best way to obtain a copy of your report is at www.annualcreditreport.com, a website established and managed by the FTC. On the site, you can choose which agency you want your report from. Avoid using websites like freecreditreport.com and creditscore.com because they are not from a government agency but from a private company. You will have to subscribe to a plan and provide your credit card number to receive your information "for free". Then, if you do not cancel the plan, they will charge you monthly until you do.
It is possible to improve a person's credit if the information that is affecting the credit is incorrect. If the information in our records is correct, it can not be removed. Only time allows it to be erased. 

Credit repair can increase your credit score in just 30 days

Credit and debt go hand in hand. If you have faced challenges with debt, then you probably have also affected your credit. In many cases, you need credit repair to correct mistakes and mistakes in your credit report that you may have picked up on the way out of your debts. Only by eliminating these errors can you increase your credit score instantly with each successful dispute. There are some ways to repair your credit and some things you should know before you begin.

What is credit repair?
Credit repair refers to the process of a dispute of mistakes and errors in your credit reports. Each credit agency maintains its own version of your credit report. They strive to keep accurate information, but mistakes can occur. Credit repair is the process used to correct those errors by sending a dispute to the credit agency that issued that report. If the information can not be verified within 30 days, the credit bureau must remove the item you challenged.

A brief history of credit repair
Credit reports began in the 1960s in the tri-state area of Pennsylvania, Delaware and New Jersey. The small local agencies maintained the profiles of the consumers, to track their habits of indebtedness and payment of the debt. Local banks used this information to help them during the subscription, to decide if a person should be approved for a new loan.
In 1970, Congress passed the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This law protected the rights of consumers and guaranteed the right to a fair and accurate credit report. Part of that protection was the right to dispute information that the consumer considers inaccurate. Therefore, he was born there, the credit repair.
During the next decade, the credit reporting agencies went from being localized companies to the national credit reporting agencies that we know today. Almost all lenders and creditors go through the three credit agencies (Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion) to receive consumer credit reports. That's good for consumers because it means they only have to worry about three credit reports. As long as you review these three reports regularly and make sure they are error-free, you can present the best possible credit profile when someone checks your credit.

What does the credit repair do?
Credit repair allows you to correct negative items on your credit report that could be hurting your credit score. If you have been working to get out of debt, there is a wide range of errors that can potentially arise.
•    Overdue payments made on time, which often happens when you organize a payment plan with reduced payments.
•    Incorrect account statements, such as an account that says "Complete settlement" instead of "Full payment".
•    Accounts in collections that he resolved with a payment cancellation clause during the negotiation of the debt.
•    Sanctions that should have expired, since the negative information can only remain in your credit report for a certain period.
•    Accounts that were not pre-agreed upon, as agreed, which is another benefit in the credit that can be obtained through the negotiation of the debt.
Credit repair does not provide a way to eliminate negative information that is accurate and verifiable. Therefore, this is not a magic bullet that can guarantee you a clean credit report without negative items. If a negative item can be verified by the creditor or the lender, repairing the credit cannot help you eliminate it.
But omissions and/or errors occur in credit reports. In fact, they happen more often than you think, especially when you face challenges with debt.

Increasing your credit score is a wonderful side effect of credit repair
It is worth noting here that there is no guarantee that the credit repair will increase your credit score. First, if there is nothing to correct on your credit report, the credit repair will not be able to help you. In addition, credit repair is intended to correct your credit report. Any positive change in your credit score that results is really a happy side effect of having your report corrected.
In many cases, people who have errors in their credit reports that correct, see that their scores improve. However, the amount that increases your score varies according to:
•    Where your score started: high scores tend to increase more slowly than low scores
•    How many other negative items do you have, and how long have you incurred them?
•    When he incurred the negative item he disputed
But for people who have recently faced debt problems, the potential increase in the credit rating of credit repair can be enormous. It only depends on your particular financial situation.
How to repair your credit
There are some different ways to repair your credit. The route you choose will depend on:
•    Your budget, that is, how much you can pay
•    Your level of confidence in resolving disputes on your own
•    The number of negative items that you want to dispute
The more mistakes you need to correct, the greater the potential you have to increase your credit score. If you do not have to correct, more than a few mistakes, it could be worth the money you spend on a professional credit repair service. The money you save through lower long-term interest rates may justify a little money spent now.
However, it is possible to repair your credit on your own for free. This is also part of the rights protected by the Fair Credit Reporting Law. Just keep in mind that the results of "doing it yourself" may vary, even if you think you know what you are doing.
Even so, whether you use the free credit repair process or work with a credit repair company, the steps to repair your credit are basically the same.
1.    Obtain your credit reports from each of the three credit agencies.
2.    Review your reports to identify possible errors and/or omissions.
3.    Discuss any errors you encounter with the credit bureau that issued the report.
4.    Wait 30 days while the credit agency tries to verify the information with the issuer of the credit.
5.    If the credit agency cannot verify the item, it must be eliminated.
6.    The agency must provide a new copy of your credit report so you can confirm that you have the correct information.

The process of free credit repair
If you perform the credit repair process for free, you must complete all of the above steps on your own. This is how your part of the process will look in practice:
1.    You can download your credit reports for free once every twelve months. Simply go to annualcreditreport.com to get your free copies every year.
2.    Then, check your reports for errors, and focus on the section that lists negative information, since those are the elements that are hurting your score.
3.    Send your disputes online or by physical mail, making sure to provide documentation that demonstrates your case.
It is important to keep in mind that there is a certain art of making credit repair done-for-yourself (DIY, for its acronym in English). Therefore, if you decide to repair your credit on your own, you will need some additional guidelines. Debt.com provides complete instructions and tips on how to successfully repair your credit in our Free Guide to Repairing Your Credit.

How do credit repair services work?
Although you can repair your credit on your own, we do not recommend it. If you have the funds to pay for a professional credit repair service, you should use one. You are more likely to get the results you want, and it will be much less complicated. So, just as people choose to hire professionals to manage their retirement funds or to buy or sell their homes, we also recommend opting for professional credit repair.
This is how professional credit repair services work:
1.    Find a reputable credit repair company, with state-licensed attorneys among your staff. A company must have a lawyer licensed in their state to make disputes on their behalf, legally.
2.    Then, you authorize said attorney with a state license to withdraw your credit reports and resolve disputes on your behalf. This usually comes with an initiation fee of around $ 15- $ 20.
3.    The credit repair company has your team review your reports and gather the necessary documentation.
4.    They make disputes on your behalf and keep you updated on progress. Generally, there is a monthly fee that ranges from $ 80 to $ 120 per month.
5.    Once all disputes have been closed, they provide you with a free copy of your credit report so you can review it.

Why credit repair software is not a "happy medium"
There is another way through the credit repair process that is often advertised as a "happy medium". The credit repair software aims to reduce the hassle of free credit repair and avoid the higher cost of a credit counseling "counselor" service. Credit repair software has a unique cost that generally ranges from $ 30 to $ 399. Usually, they provide a good dashboard to track disputes and models of cards to use so you can file them.
But make no mistake, this does not help you. You still need to identify possible errors in your reports. He enters them into the software and then informs him when he presents a dispute (in other words, the software is not connected to the online dispute portals for the credit bureaus). So, this is basically a high-tech way to track progress.
As for the models, there are many free models of online credit repair letters. Debt.com offers a free credit repair letter model that you can use if you want to repair your credit on your own. The letter model files simply change some words according to common situations. But if you are not sure about making disputes and how to write important things (which are the things you must complete with any model), then all the models in the world will not help you.
The first-line software offers functions such as autocomplete models. But the cost of this software is comparable to the cost of a credit repair service. That is why we recommend going directly to a service if you are not sure of making the disputes yourself. You can try the software, but you may not yet know how to proceed. If you are going to pay for the credit repair, it is better to do it right the first time!

Avoid credit repair scams
One of the reasons why people distrust credit repair companies and, in general, credit repair, is that the industry has a reputation as a scam. It is not so surprising. Scammers love to exploit the despair of people. The more you get nervous about a situation, the easier it will be to convince you to make a hasty decision.
That's why many scams revolve around problems of debt and consumer credit. It's not just credit repair. There are debt relief scams, debt settlement scams, credit score frauds, and the list goes on and on. People despair to get rid of debts and fix their credit so there will be in the market, who will take advantage of any opportunity that comes their way.

Warning: Better Business Bureau does not rate credit repair companies
One of the easiest ways to know if a financial service is legitimate is to consult with the Better Business Bureau (BBB). If a company has an A + rating, then you can have more confidence that they will provide you with legitimate help. Unfortunately, this protection is not available with credit repair companies. The BBB does not qualify any company whose main service offer is credit repair.
The reason the BBB gives is that they will not qualify the companies given the number of complaints received from the industry, as a whole. They do not feel confident about giving grades, so they completely avoid the credit repair industry.

Does that not mean that the credit repair is bad?
Yes, it is! And it's bad for consumers to think that credit repair is bad because of the scams. Some rotten apples make it appear that the credit repair process, in general, is fraudulent. But credit repair is a federally protected consumer right. And if you avoid credit repair because you are worried about scams, you may miss the opportunity to easily increase your score.
The solution is not to completely avoid credit repair or even avoid professional credit repair services. You simply need to take additional steps to ensure that the service you choose is legitimate. And you can do it even without a BBB rating.

Tips to avoid scams with credit repair
•    Verify the company in the Scam Report and in the Consumer Reports
•    Check independent third-party review websites for unbiased customer reviews.
•    Use an accredited referral service, that independently verifies reputable credit repair services.
•    Make sure the company has a lawyer on its staff who is licensed to resolve disputes on your behalf, and in your state
•    Check to see when fees are charged and if the company offers a money back guarantee
•    Review all company claims and be careful with absolute values, such as a company that guarantees that you can improve your credit score by a certain amount of points.
Most companies offer a free evaluation to answer any questions you have. Use this to your advantage, to get an idea of the company and make sure it is the right one. If you do not see very well, thank them for their time and tell them you need time to make up their minds. Then you can continue to investigate your options and talk to other companies. Do not make a decision, unless you feel comfortable.
And do not worry. As long as you do not authorize the company to obtain your credit reports, these initial inquiries will not affect your credit to repair your credit.
From a higher credit score to lower interest rates, there’s plenty of reason to repair your credit.
Credit repair doesn’t exactly have the best reputation as a financial service. Scammers love to prey on people’s desire for a quick fix for their credit scores, which had led to a lot of fraud in the industry. But make no mistake. Credit repair is a legitimate service that’s protected under federal law. You have a right to repair your credit and there’s plenty of good reason to do so.

With that in mind, here are the top 12 reasons why you need credit repair. 
Reason #1: There’s a 1 in 4 chance your credit report has an error
That’s not some made-up statistic. It comes directly from a consumer credit report study by the Federal Trade Commission. In 2013, the FTC found that one in four reports contains some kind of error. Even worse, one in five reports has an error that would affect a consumer’s credit score. And one in twenty has an error that would drag down your score by 25 points or more.
So, this is not some small problem that doesn’t affect many Americans. To put it in perspective, you also have a one in four chance of becoming a victim of credit card fraud. So, think about all the steps you take to prevent fraud. If you’re not putting the same effort into keeping your credit reports error-free, you’re almost certainly leaving money on the table.
Reason #2: You can boost your credit score if you repair your credit
To be clear, the goal of credit repair is not to boost your credit score. The goal is to remove errors in your credit report. But more often than not, doing so improves your score. Again, there’s a one in twenty chance that you have a mistake that’s dragging down your score by at least 25 points.
That means that with one credit dispute, you could see a pretty big jump in your score in as little as 30 days. If you’re looking for a fast way to build credit and get on the road to an excellent score, this is it. Although improving your credit score is more of a happy side effect of credit repair, it’s often the fastest way to boost your score.
Reason #3: You can refinance all your loans for lower interest rates
One of the main benefits of better credit is lower interest rates on all your loans. The interest rates you can qualify for are directly tied to your credit score. Better credit means lower rates. It also means that you can get in while the getting is good on low-interest rates available now.
Lenders set interest rates based on several factors, starting with your credit score. But the strength of the economy is another big deciding factor. When the economy is strong, the Federal Reserve raises its prime rate. This, in turn, causes lenders to increase their interest rates as well.
Currently, the economy is doing well the Federal Reserve has raised rates about half a dozen times since 2017. They say they plan to continue increasing rates as well. That means it’s in your best interest to get any loans you have refinanced as quickly as possible. You don’t want to procrastinate on this! Fix your credit through credit repair, then call your lenders.
You can refinance most types of loans if you achieve a better credit score:
1.    Personal loans
2.    Mortgages
3.    Auto loans
4.    Consolidation loans
5.    Private student loans
The only time a better credit score won’t lower your interest rates on a traditional loan is with federal student loans. Federal school loan rates are not set based on your credit score. But every other type of traditional financing is, so it’s worth your time to repair your credit now and then see about refinancing any existing debt.
Reason #4: You can negotiate lower credit card interest rates, too
Almost all credit cards have variable interest rates. The rates on your existing credit cards rise and fall based on different factors. Right now, as the Fed raises the prime rate, your creditors are probably also increasing your credit card APR, too. The good news is that you can call your creditors to request lower rates. The key to making that happen is a good credit score and error-free credit report.
If you repair your credit within the next 3-6 months (that’s usually how long credit repair takes) then you can call your credit card companies to ask for rate reductions. 
Reason #5: Getting approved for new financing will be far less stressful
There’s nothing more stress-inducing that waiting to hear from a lender if you’re approved for a loan. It’s nerve-wracking sitting around wondering if your credit score is strong enough to get you the loan you want. And getting rejected for financing is heart-breaking.
The good news is that fixing your credit through credit repair is an easy way to increase your chances for loan approval. The two biggest factors in financing approval are credit score and debt-to-income ratio. Credit repair helps you fix your credit score. Then you just need to worry about Debt-to-Income Ratio (DTI), which is something you can check fairly easily online for free. Once you know your DTI is good and you’ve fixed your credit, you can apply for loans with confidence.
In addition, you can get the best credit cards, too. Although there are credit cards for bad credit, they usually:
1.    Require you to put down a down payment to open the credit line
2.    The interest rates tend to be really high – as in 25% APR or higher
If you have better credit, you get access to better credit cards. The best credit cards with the most rewards and lowest interest rates are reserved for consumers with excellent credit scores.
Reason #6: You can become mortgage-ready
Buying a home is still a big part of the American Dream. And with rising rent prices, homeownership has become the more affordable option in many place, as long as you can qualify.
Getting your credit right is a big part of becoming mortgage-ready. And when it comes to lower interest rates on loans, no loan is more important than your mortgage. Interest charges on mortgages add up to tens of thousands of dollars over the life of the average loan. Just half a percentage point difference in a mortgage interest rate means big money paid out of pocket.
Consider total interest charges on a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage for $300,000 with a 20% down payment:
•    At 5.0% APR, your monthly payment would be $1,288.37 and the total interest paid would be $223,813.88 over the life of the loan.
•    At 5.5% APR, the monthly payment would be $1,362.69 and total interest charges would be $250,569.70 over the life of the loan.
That 0.5% difference in your interest rate means almost $75 more per month and $26,755.82 more in interest charges. This is why you want your credit score to be as high as humanly possible before you apply for a mortgage. Leave no stone unturned and start by repairing your credit.
Reason #7: You can take advantage of advertised dealership offers
Car dealerships are notorious for advertising some really sweet incentives to get you on the lot for your next auto purchase. They’re also notorious for turning most people down for these offers because their credit score is too low to qualify.
All those no-money-down, no-interest for X years offers aren’t available to most consumers. But they don’t tell you that until you’re there. Then they basically bait and switch you into a different loan that doesn’t offer nearly as much value.
With a good or excellent credit score, you can qualify for all those dealer offers as advertised. You can also use your good credit score to shop around for the best financing. First, hit up your bank, credit union or favorite online lender. Tell them you want to prequalify for an auto loan. They’ll check your credit and tell you how many cars you can really afford.
Then, you take that knowledge to the dealership so you can compare financing. Make sure to compare the total cost and monthly cost of any dealership offer to the traditional financing through your preferred lender. This ensures you get the best value.
Reason #8: You’ll also get discounts on car insurance
Low-rate auto loans aren’t the only way that better credit helps you save money. You can also qualify for better rates on your car insurance policy, too. Most auto insurers use what’s known as a credit-based insurance score. Essentially, a low credit score means you pay more for insurance, even if you’re a good driver with a clean record.
If you improve your credit score, you can call your agent to see if you qualify for a discount. It could decrease your premiums, deductibles or both, meaning your out-of-pocket costs for insurance would be lower.
Reason #9: Property rentals will be easier
Whether you want to rent an apartment or care for your vacation, the property owner will run a credit check. Bad credit means you can get rejected if you try to rent an apartment. Even renting a car can be problematic. If you have bad credit, they may make you put down a deposit to rent the vehicle, which could throw off your vacation budget.
Most people don’t consider how much bad credit can make life more difficult. But fixing your credit is the best way to get the property rented without any hassle.
Reason #10: You can avoid deposits on utilities, too
Most companies that provide a monthly service will also check your credit when you apply for a new account. That includes:
1.    Electric companies
2.    Utility companies
3.    Mobile service providers
4.    Internet providers

Anytime you apply for one of these services with bad credit, you end up paying a deposit. This makes moving into a new place more expensive because you need deposits for all your bills. Fixing your credit means a higher credit score, which can help you avoid these deposits.
Reasons #11: You may be able to get out of collection actions
Credit repair is 90% about correcting errors in your credit report, but there’s a little-known use for the service, too. It comes down to the legal definition of when and why a credit bureau must remove a negative item from your credit report. By law, an item must be removed if the credit bureau cannot verify the information about the debt with the owner of the said debt.
Basically, anytime you make a credit repair dispute, the credit bureau goes to the holder of that debt to ask them to verify the information. They have to be able to prove it’s your debt and that you owe the amount they say you owe. If they can’t and the information can’t be verified, by law it must be removed.
This means that there’s a potential to use credit repair to get out of debt collection. If you believe that a collector does not have complete information about your debt, ask the credit bureau to verify it. If they can’t, then it’s basically not your debt to repay. The collection account disappears from your credit report and stops dragging down your score.
This is true, even if you legitimately owed the original debt. Debt buyers buy and sell debts all the time and they often do it with incomplete information. If you question them and they can’t provide all the details necessary to verify the debt, you get off the hook.
Reason #12: You can avoid risky alternative financing solutions
If you need cash, financing is a good way to get it when you’re running short on income. You can finance a home renovation or a car repair or even an investment if you know how to make your money really work for you. But you always want to stick with traditional financing. To do that, you need good credit.
There are plenty of “alternative financing solutions” (AFS) available that promise you instant cash in your checking account with no credit check. You can get payday loans or cash advances or short-term installment loans. All of these are effectively the exact same type of lending tool. And the trade-off for no credit check is that you pay extremely high finance charges for these types of credit.
Short-term loans tend to have interest rates that are 300% or even 3000%. You can pay as much as $30 for every $100 that you finance. These lenders also have notoriously terrible customer service. They use ACH Direct Debit to withdraw funds to pay the loan off directly from your checking account. It can be impossible to cancel or stop payment if you don’t have funds available, leading to NSF fees on the loan and overdraft fees on your account.
Alternative financing solutions are never a good solution and should be avoided at all costs. This means that you need good credit to qualify for traditional financing. Otherwise, your fast-cash solution could leave you in a much worse financial position than when you started.

Be Wary Of Credit Scams

In today's times, many people look for any way to survive, families and small businesses are looking for ways to keep their needs, something that unfortunately makes many people fall into the hands of unscrupulous scammers doing a business of up to thousands of dollars for a loan that never comes.
While some scams can be easily identified, many of them are not and can cause disruption to the victim's financial life.
Several loans offer, especially those that operate outside the law and promise to comply quickly with the application, but the problem lies in identifying which of them are really reliable.
Many payday loans offer work out of the law and promise fast service, but how can you know which ones are real? There are even many cases where you have to pay for "paperwork" expenses, that is where many people fall.
Fortunately, there are some ways and methods to determine if you are falling into a false ground that leads to a scam or you are carrying out a legitimate process.
The best thing you can do in most cases is to follow your instinct. If you think something is too good to be true, even though it may be so, you must act with caution before providing personal information.
Watch the red flags
You should be aware of emails that say they have been previously approved for a loan they never applied for. In most cases, these unsolicited emails can lead to scammers and even identity theft.
Unscrupulous lenders will avoid revealing where you are located and your contact information, so if it is not available, be careful what you are offering.
Another very important aspect to take into account is the request for credit checks, which are almost never necessary for the application of personal credit, the cheater lender is only looking for information from your bank account where you can be in danger of being vilely cheated.
If the lender does not have an office location and offers to contact you, instead of the opposite, you should probably look for another option.
You should never pay any money in advance to receive a loan. If the lender asks for money before depositing the promised loan, it is better to cancel any transaction.
Check out the spelling and grammar used in the body of the email. Scammers usually have poor writing skills because they are based in other countries.
When you are asked to reply to an email other than the one in the header, you may be looking for a scam. If this is the case, it is best not to respond at all and report the email to your Internet service provider as a phishing attempt.

Tips to investigate the possible fraudster
Even if you are very desperate to get a loan or credit quickly, it is always better to take the time to do an investigation to potential lenders who can become a scammer.
One of the ways to do this is to search the Internet by placing the name of the lender or the alleged lending company with the word 'scam', 'complaint' or 'reputation'. Doing this will show them the reputation and opinions of other people who have worked with these lenders or companies and will help them make a decision.
In many cases, a lender may not have information online so you may not have a reputation established. In these cases, you can choose to do a thorough review with the financial regulators of your state to give you a good idea of who you are dealing with.
It is always recommended to work with established and registered lenders, as they have a reputation to maintain and most likely will not be a scammer anymore.
On many occasions, scammers can use a website for a few weeks and then disappear with the money of your victims, so be cautious with any new company and look carefully before deciding to accept their offer.
Using Google Maps can be a very valuable ally when you are investigating personal lenders. Do a search for the address of the company and look at it at the level of street view. If it turns out to be a vacant lot, the house of someone or something does not feel legitimate, I recommend that you move away from that option.
It is always important to conduct an investigation so as not to fall into these vagabonds that take advantage of people's needs. Make sure you feel comfortable with the company or financial institution that offers you a loan.
Be sure to carefully analyze your options and look for alternative solutions before getting involved in a personal loan, especially since it is the most expensive financial product on the market, and you may end up paying much more than you expected.


4