STARTING FROM THE SCRATCH AND MAINTAINING IT

How to build credit score quickly?


It is nothing but the "score" you accumulate over time and which defines you as a good or bad debtor. I'll explain. If you have a loan of any kind, the more you pay on time and the more your Credit Score goes up if instead, you accumulate delays or unpaid installments your Credit Score drops one round of hell at a time (I think Dante's Inferno he referred to this when he wrote it!)
It is important that you take care of your score consistently because over time it will be the first thing that banks, or loan companies, will see when you ask for a loan to buy a house, a car or anything else. At the moment, it may not seem important but trust me, you will change your mind. I've been there. I didn't give enough importance to it, and when it was time, I regretted it.
The credit card is not the prerogative of Dad's children (except for some cases), but something that young people use to start building their Credit Score from an adolescent age. Unfortunately, we are not 16 years old so we must try to catch up as soon as possible. The problem with the Credit Score is that it is difficult to build when you have no loans or credit cards and it is almost impossible to get either of these if you do not have a Credit Score. In practice, a cat that bites its tail.

How to build a Credit Score from scratch?
There are several ways and all of them are effective.
1.    The first is to open a bank account. Having an account open in itself will not increase your score, but it will give you a starting point to show regular income. After a few months, you can ask your bank (remember to show off your best smile) what services they offer to increase your Credit Score. My bank, for example, offers a mini-loan of $ 500 tied up to be returned in 6 months. It means that you deposit $ 500, they re-loan them to you at a favorable rate and when, in 6 months, you finish paying the installments, they give you back the $ 500 in the barrel. Practically in 6 months, you paid interest as a "tax" with the sole purpose of accumulating points. To put it in simpler words: from 500 and 500 you return, then you pay 500 in installments + interest and you return 500 at the end. It is an expense, but this type of loan guarantees you a considerable accumulation of points, but only if you are regular in payments.
2.    The second, and in my opinion the best, is to apply for a Secured Credit Card. Unlike traditional credit cards, you do not have to show any kind of entry to get approval, but you also have a usage limit. The only thing required is a deposit which is returned to you after a year of regular use. Until a couple of years ago, the deposit was around 200 euros, but with the debt problems that developed after the recession, all the major credit companies have lowered the costs. For example, I applied with Capital One (but there are many others like Discover). The deposit was only $ 49 and the card limit was $ 200 a month with the option of 2% cash back on gas or restaurant expenses. I started using it regularly every month ONLY for these two things and, after a year, my Credit Score was already considered very good, they also returned the deposit and the cash back and the credit limit rose to 500 dollars after only six months. We clarify that you are not obliged to use it only for these things, but I have limited myself for two reasons. The first is to accumulate cash back (i.e. a refund) at the end of the year. The second is to make sure I never use more than 30% of the card limit. Which brings me to the next point.
3.    Never exceed 30%  of the credit card limit. Believe it or not, it is essential that you show that you do not need a credit card to pay for your things, but that you use it only when strictly necessary or as an accurate choice. The more you use it constantly the better, but judiciously.
4.    Pay your installments regularly. All the above points have absolutely no value if you are not constant in payments. No one here scales your loan or credit card debts from your salary. It is your responsibility to remember when you have to pay or set up an automatic payment from your bank account. I decided to set up automatic payments. As long as he has a good memory, you never know what can happen that can put you off your mind on the expiry day. So I strongly suggest you do the same because even a missed payment will negatively affect your score.
5.    Vary the types of debt as much as you can. If you can make the Secured Card And the mini-loan with the bank at the same time, do it. The more options you have, the faster your Credit Score will grow. Of course, always keep in mind that if you don't pay on time, they show up at home with the Pit bulls (so to speak or almost). So if you're not sure you can do better, don't risk it and wait a little longer.
6.    Add your name to someone else's credit card as an "authorized user". If, for example, if you are married to an American who has had much more time than you to accumulate a decent score (as in my case), it might be a good idea for him to indicate you as an authorized user of his credit cards. This does not mean that you will actually have to use his credit cards, but the more his score improves, the more he will positively influence yours. Be careful though! If you go down, he comes down with you. This type of choice involves a fat, large demonstration of trust so be careful not to betray it. If you mess up the Credit Score that has been sweating so much since he was in swaddling clothes, well I wouldn't want to be in your shoes!
7.    Check your Credit Score regularly to make sure there are no problems you are unaware of and have such nasty surprises. Even a late paid bill can affect your payer profile. Now pay attention to the following because it's important. There are several ways to check where you are with the economic 'pregnancy'. The first is to apply here for your Annual Credit Report, but you are entitled to a free check only once a year. The second is to check directly in Credit Bureaus such as Transunion, Equifax or Experian. Also in these cases, you can have a free check per year, or pay a monthly installment to keep your score constantly under control. Obviously, the annual checks have their advantages, but be careful not to take too much advantage of their services. Believe it or not, every time you request a check this will lower your Credit Score. Crazy, right? And this brings me to the only sensible solution that remains to keep the score under control.
8.    Download the free Credit Karma app. Not only does it constantly give you a detailed report of your score, but also what has positively or negatively influenced, which credit cards or loans are best suited to your situation, your progress, and many other functions. It's all free and, although not updated to the minute, rather accurate. It does not lower your Credit Score and also offers you many other services such as online and free tax returns. Due to Credit Karma, other major credit companies have also had to adjust to offer the Credit Score free check. For example, Capital One and Discover have now integrated this service into their offers (although in a more limited way being a cost to them).
If you follow these tips in a year you can afford to ask for a car loan without having to pay disproportionate interest or even more, depending on your income and your general receivables/payables situation. This reminds me of how important it is to start as soon as possible. Remember that this is the first thing they look at when you need to apply for a loan!
 
Credit Repair: How To Improve Your Credit Score

If you're short of money and having trouble making ends meet, improving your credit score could be the last thing on your mind. Millions of Americans are suffering from dinged-up credit: the persistent result of the recession, the lack (until recently) of real wage increases, the slow growth of the economy. But a strong credit score is the backbone of an individual's financial health. With low or no credit, you can end up finding yourself paying a lot more for the essentials of life than those who have strong credit. The importance of a good credit score goes beyond just getting a low-interest rate on a loan. Driving credit score, for example, is an important factor in car insurance prices.
Regardless of what happened to you financially - if you have gone through foreclosure or bankruptcy, got behind on credit card payments or collected a lot of debt - you can rebuild your credit. Here's how:
	•	Check the credit report
The credit score (often referred to as your FICO score) provides a snapshot of your credit status. It is determined by a series of factors that can be divided into the following categories: credit history - How long have you been using credit? 

	•	Payment History - Do you have a history of paying on time? 
Credit amount - How much do you do and how much do you owe?
So the first thing to do is to assess the damages by looking at a current credit report issued by one (or all) of the three main credit agencies: TransUnion, Equifax or Experian. Under the Fair Law and Accurate Credit Transactions, every American has the legal right to receive a free report from each of the businesses per year, which will save you money for handling fees.
	•	Check over your credit report with a fine tooth comb: verify that the amount due for each account is accurate. And look for all the accounts you paid off that still show as outstanding issues. If something seems correct or you are not sure of all the elements, then it is your right to contact the credit agency in writing and ask them to investigate the problem and make a change. The Federal Trade Commission recommends sending the letter by certified e-mail and requesting a return receipt so you know the office has received. According to the FTC, companies generally must investigate disputes within 30 days of receiving a request for correction.
	•	Pay particular attention to any requests for recent information that you have not authorized. Before an endorsing creditor, or someone pretending to be you, for an account, they will make a request that will be indicated on your credit report. If there are any requests that you have not authorized, inform the credit bureau immediately.
	•	Checking your credit report on a regular basis, at least once a year, is a good way to collect any cases where you could be the target of identity theft - or the credit bureau has accidentally mixed your story with someone similar name (happens more than you might think). If you are concerned about others accessing your credit report without your permission, you can freeze it, which will limit who can access the information and under what circumstances. If you think you are a victim of identity theft, contact your local police authority immediately.
	•	Contact Your Lenders
It is always best to contact lenders, creditors or service providers (for example, your service or medical company) as soon as possible when facing financial difficulties so as to get their help to stay current on your account. Collection agencies and legal fees cost lenders a lot of money, so they are often open to negotiations, which are free. Call, email or write to explain your financial situation (for example, if you had an unexpected loss of job or series of expenses due to medical emergency). Discuss a new payment plan and make a good faith payment to start improving your account status.
Assuming unemployment is not the problem, job stability is a good indicator of lenders that you will do well on your debts. If you have a lackluster resume, make the choice to stay in your current position for at least a year or two to build trust in lenders. Of course, do not hesitate to take a new position if it is a substantial salary collision.
	•	Pay early and often (or at least, on time)
Once you know what you have to work on, make sure that all your accounts are current, and up to date. Were you a bit late paying that MasterCard bill last month? Well, this will go on your credit report and lower your credit rating. The longer and more often than not you make bill payments on time, the lower your credit rating will become. And many lenders do not give credit to people with a history of recently missed payments on other credit accounts (with recent conversion two years ago). Missing enough payments that your account is turned over to a collection agency is another safe way to tank your score, not to mention restricting access to affordable credit - or making it cost more than it should.
Credit reports record payment habits on all types of bills and extended credit, not just credit cards. And sometimes these objects show up on their own official report, but not that of another. Old, unpaid gymnastic odds that only appear on a relationship could be affecting your score without even realizing it.
A full one-third of your score depends on whether you pay your creditors on time. So, make sure you pay all your bills by their due dates, including rent/mortgage, utilities, doctor's bills, etc. Keep documentation (such as checks or canceled receipts) to be able to prove that you've done the punctuality of payments.
The Fair Isaac Corporation, which calculates FICO scores, recommends signing up for payment notices if the lender makes them available. You will receive an email or text message announcing the upcoming expiration date, making it more difficult to forget a payment. Another approach is to create automatic drafts from your bank account.
There is no need to pay the bill in full to have the payment counted as time; you just have to pay the minimum (although this is not there to do any favors - that is there to keep you in debt: you'll be paying a lot of interest, and paying the balance for years). However, if it's all you can afford, it's best to make the minimum payment on time to not make a payment at all. The important thing to remember is that a consistent history of timely payments will cause the credit rating to rise.
	•	Pick up a payment order
When using your cards, try to pay them off as soon as you can (you don't need to wait for the instruction in the mail, but you can pay online at any time). When you have the extra money to pay your balances, focus on the cards that are closest to being maxed out, to benefit your most credit score. Next, zero in credit card balances that are over 50% of your credit limit. Borrowers who have used up more of their available credit are considered higher risk.
Having said that, if these are the cards with the lowest interest rates, perhaps because you took advantage of a low balance transfer offer in April, the savings you get from paying your debt the highest interest rate can first be more important to improve your credit score.
When a card is paid, take the payment you were making to the paid-off card and add that to the next card.
	•	Don't open too many accounts
The number of credit accounts you have opened is also important for control. Credit cards are easy to open. Almost every store has a quick, convenient way to get a new card. interesting incentives, such as discounts on the purchases of the day you sign up, add to the temptation. If you shop at that store, it can often be worth getting your card; otherwise, resist the temptation.
It's not just that the new plastic can encourage spending. Having too many cards can damage your credit score. Loan lenders will look at the total amount of credit you have available to you. If you have 10 credit card accounts, and you have a credit line of $ 5,000 each account, then that will amount to a total of $ 50,000 in potential debt. Lenders take a look at this potential debt load - as if you were going to get out and maximum all of your cards tomorrow - before considering how much they lend. They also worry about whether you will be able to meet your financial obligations.
What's more, every time you apply for credit, the potential lender will check your score. Whenever the credit is selected, other potential lenders worry about the additional debt that they can take on. Sometimes, the act of opening a new account, or even applying for one, can lower the score; have a lot of recent inquiries about your credit report dings your score temporarily. So don't ask for the card often if you want to increase your credit score.
	•	Don't close credit cards
A good idea would be to keep three or four credit card accounts open, but use only one or two of them; put away or cut the others. Once you have paid a card, however, keep the account open, even if you don't want to use it anymore. Closing a credit card will lower your credit score, even if it is always paid on time and I have not had a balance. If you feel like closing a card for its high annual fees, try calling the credit card company and ask them to downgrade to one of their free cards. This allows you to keep a longer history with the company, which is important for a healthy credit score. The credit card company will report to the credit bureau that you have a good record with them, which will increase your credit rating.
In closing, late accounts or those with a history of late payments can also help, as long as you have paid them in full. Because history is important if you decide to close a couple of accounts, close the most recent ones. The length of your credit history is 15% of your score, so even after paying the sales down, keep the oldest cards open. Be sure to use these cards to make occasional purchases (so pay the bills in full), so the card company does not close the account due to inactivity.
	•	A card to consider
If you need more plastic, experts recommend applying for a real estate credit card, where the balance is linked to the money held in a specified account. These cards often come with high fees, a high-interest rate, and a low credit limit, but they do report the repayment history for the three major monthly credit agencies. Use your card to build a positive credit history and wait: as you make payments on time, your credit score will improve after a few months of constant use.
If you opt for this method, screen the card issuer carefully, as the annual or application fees between different providers may vary (this also applies to unsecured credit card providers). Try to find a credit issuer that does not charge a registration fee and allows you to convert your unsecured card for a normal credit card after 12 to 18 months of the established payment history, and report the history on all three credit agencies. After all, if the issuer does not report to the credit bureaus, the card will not help build your credit history.
	•	Increase the credit limit
There is a way to increase your credit score that does not involve paying a debt or any of the other more traditional credit score tactics by increasing. Since credit scores are determined, in part, on the difference between the credit limit and the amount of credit used, ask for a higher credit limit. Your chances of increasing it are probably better than you think. Of those applying for a higher credit limit, 8 out of 10 have been approved, according to a recent money survey. While it helps to be over 30, there is a good chance for all adults. To prevent the credit decreased with the request for a higher limit, to ask for the highest credit line increase that does not trigger what is called a difficult request. 
By increasing the credit limit, the differential between the amount you are allowed to borrow and the amount you actually make is automatically increased. The larger the spread, the higher the credit score.
	•	The credit utilization report
This spread, known as the credit utilization ratio, is expressed as a percentage. For example, if the limit on the MasterCard is $ 5,000 and you have a budget of $ 4,000, the usage ratio is 80%. If you request a credit line increase and the limit goes up to $ 10,000, suddenly your use is only 40%.
Obviously, the higher the percentage, the worse you look. Experts have long said that using 30% of available credit is a good way to keep your credit score high. More recently, this recommendation has been reduced to 20%. In the $ 5000 MasterCard limit example above, 30% usage would represent a $ 1,500 balance. Increasing the credit limit from $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 would allow a $ 3,000 balance and still maintain 30% utilization. (This, of course, is just one example: it is not likely that you would get a 100% increase in your credit line. But any amount will help increase the spread and lower the utilization ratio).
One-third of your total credit score is based on the credit utilization ratio in all your cards. Due to the way the credit scoring works, it is better to bring a $ 1000 balance on a card with a limit (20% credit usage) $ 5,000 than to make a $ 500 balance on a card with a limit (use of credit 50%) $ 1,000. That's why, in discussing the payment hierarchy, we recommend paying the cards closest to be maxed out. This is also the reason why you should not close your accounts; which will increase the percentage of total available credit that you are using - and which will reduce your score.
	•	Negotiate a lower interest rate
However, the key to this strategy is getting more credit, but no longer using credit. In other words, if the limit goes up to $ 1,000, don't go out and half responsible for it. Think of the push as a way to save money later, when applying for a car loan, home loan or another form of long-term debt where a high credit score will probably lead to big savings through a rate of lower interest.
While you are in it, ask the credit card company if they could lower the APR on the card. With a lower interest rate, your existing credit card debt stack will not grow as much every month, and you will be able to pay down the balances faster.
	•	Diversify the types of credit
A good credit score has a mix of both debt/credit installment, such as a car loan, student or mortgage loan, and revolving credit, such as a credit card line or home equity credit. This balance of credit types represents 10% of your FICO score, which is significant enough not to be overlooked.
	•	Beware of scam artists
If you are having trouble paying some of your bills in a timely manner, then maybe debt consolidation is right for you. (See digging up personal debt.) But with caution: This is a mature field, with scam artists rebuilding nothing but their bank accounts. If you approach with an offer to help negotiate the debt, make sure that you receive a copy of the consumer credit file rights under the federal condition and law and a detailed service contract including contact information has declared guarantees and an outline of taxes and services before providing personal information or turning financially linked documents. Request references, do online research and keep copies of all documents and correspondence in case a dispute arises.
Moral of History
The most difficult part of getting out of debt and improving your credit score is patient; it can have an appreciable effect, but it will take time for your score to reflect your efforts. Unless there are big mistakes on your credit report that can easily be deleted, there is no quick fix for a bad credit score. Often, it takes at least a couple of years to go from a low score to a high one.


How To Improve Your Credit Score After Bankruptcy

To take advantage of the credit in the future, it is very important to improve your credit rating after filing for bankruptcy. 
Bankruptcy is paralyzed on several fronts. Not only does it damage your financial position, but it also affects your confidence. But after failure, you need to learn how to move forward. Unfortunately, it is difficult to get out of the mental abyss that recedes into after a failure. However, what a person needs is a well-planned approach in such a situation.
Need to improve the rating
The reasons for improving your credit rating or score quickly are twofold. First, a bankruptcy pounds the credit score, which reduces the chances of availing credit in the future. So unless you bring it up to an acceptable level, the chances of you getting the credit you need to rebuild your life are pretty low. Secondly, it is well known that people with a better score can get a loan at a lower interest rate. So when you improve your score, you not only become eligible for a loan again, but you can get a lower interest.
Ways to improve it
It may be relevant to understand the factors that determine the FICO credit score and their individual weight. Here are the factors that determine it. 
	•	Payment History- 35%
	•	Debts - 30% 
	•	Credit History Length - 15% 
	•	New Credit -10% Credit 
	•	Types Used - 10% 
It can be noted that most of the emphasis is on payment history and the amounts currently due to others. Moreover, the longer your credit ratings will be, the more successful your ratings will be. It should be noted that a large number of new accounts will negatively affect the score, while the competence to effectively visualize different sorting credit forms will be positively evaluated. Here are some suggestions for improving your rating.
Pay your debts 
Simple and direct. Pay all the money you owe to banks, credit card companies, and other assorted lenders. The faster you reduce your debts, the faster your score will improve. After all, a lot depends on your debts. 30% to be precise.
Credit Display 
Paying debts is fine, but where will the money come from? You could avail bad credit loans or request a credit card company to give you a credit card. Systematically availing and paying credit will help improve the score. From the moment, the types of credit in use are also taken into account, this approach can benefit. Also, ensure to pay mortgages/bills regularly.
Strategically reduce debt 
It is very important to plan a debt strategy. Such as? Get a short term loan or a loan with a negotiable rate of interest. This way, if you keep paying bills, your rating will improve and it will be applicable for credit at a low-interest rate. You can use credit financing to reduce debt by paying off. You could also use a credit card instead of a loan.
Do not close Zero Balance Accounts 
If there are accounts or cards whose balance you have successfully paid out, do not close them. It is always good to view the clean criminal record. This phase has a triple advantage. First, it seems they have paid their debts. Secondly, it shows your expertise in paying more types of credit and thirdly, it shows a longer credit history.
Building Not Activities Passivity 
This may not be explicitly mentioned anywhere, but it is just common sense. Increasing assets increases reliability. If you have sufficient resources, you will be able to mortgage them for credit. So creditors will give you credit for getting a good guarantee in exchange for their risk. Avoid construction liabilities like credit card bills as it will affect your negative rating.
Keep in touch with credit institutions 
Always be truthful about your financial situation and be in good "books" of your credit institutions. Always keep in touch with them and express your inability to pay, if that is the case, and see if it is possible to make an agreement in any way. After all, they want their money and not the rating to fall.
Keep an eye on credit reports 
There are chances that there may be some error in the credit report. If you feel this way, contact the rating agency right away and get it reviewed.
Failure is an experience that no one would like to go through. However, with a good plan and guidance, you will be able to overcome it.

Improve Credit Scores After Foreclosure

Foreclosure can drop a consumer's credit scores with a huge margin. If you have had the misfortune of going through a foreclosure, then the following article will tell you how to rebuild your credit score.
A fall in house prices, the subsequent recession, and the high unemployment rate has caused a number of people to default on their mortgage payments. Bankruptcies and foreclosures followed as a result of defaulting on capital and interest on home loans. Since the consumer payment history is one of the most important factors affecting the calculation of credit scores, a foreclosure was intended to have a negative impact on the credit rating of the former home. Hence, the topic of improving credit scores after the foreclosure has taken on great significance.
A creditor can initiate the foreclosure procedure and complete the entire process outside the court system, assuming that the mortgage deed has a sales clause power. In the absence of a sales clause power, the lender has no choice but to take the borrower to court. In other words, judicial foreclosure is predictable. Regardless of the nature of the proceedings, the details are listed in the public record and the consumer's credit report. The information remains firmly positioned in the consumer's credit report for a period of 7 years.
As mentioned above, the consumer's credit score decreases from 350 to 400 points following a foreclosure sale. Although a spotted credit report and a low credit score is a double whammy, a number of creditors give proper credit to the consumer's efforts to improve credit scores. Good credit scores are a must to procure loans at a favorable interest rate, for availing insurance, and for the sake of applying for jobs that require the applicant to assume managerial and financial responsibilities.

Improve post-foreclosure credit score
In order to improve credit scores after foreclosure, you should avail either installment or revolving credit and make it a practice to pay interest on a regular basis. Establishing a history of regular payments can go a long way in helping the consumer build his / her credit scores. The same approach can be adopted by a consumer who is interested in improving credit scores after bankruptcy.
Guaranteed credit cards
People can opt for secured credit cards to rebuild credit since consumers can be approved for these cards within 6 months of a foreclosure sale or discharge failure. These credit cards are guaranteed by a CD which acts as a guarantee for credit card companies. The credit line is usually 50 to 100% of the deposit amount. A practice of repaying the entire balance on the credit card on a monthly basis will result in the credit card company extending further credit lines to the consumer without further deposits as collateral. A secured credit card is converted into an unsecured credit card within 18 months, assuming that the consumer is careful with payments.
FHA secured loans
People whose homes have been foreclosed are required to wait for 3 years from the date of a foreclosure sale to avail themselves of an FHA insured loan. Assuming that the consumer is approved for a secured credit card and brings his / her credit score by 620 points, FHA secured loans can become the springboard for further improvement in credit scores. The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) offers secured government mortgages that protect the lender in the event that the homeowner's default values on the mortgage. Thus, the consumer can take advantage of a down mortgage by paying only 3.5 percent of the home purchase price.
These measures are not only useful for consumers who are interested in improving credit scores after foreclosure, but also essential for people who are eager to improve their credit rating after debt settlement since a debt settlement does not cancel out. completely delinquent information from the consumer credit report. The net result is a good credit report and satisfactory credit scores.
Anytime you apply for one of these services with bad credit, you end up paying a deposit. This makes moving into a new place more expensive because you need deposits for all your bills. Fixing your credit means a higher credit score, which can help you avoid these deposits.


5
WHAT IS A FICO SCORE?

Understanding The Fico Credit Scoring Algorithm

History: The method that changed the credit scores

The small company created in 1956, FICO, would change in just two years the way in which banks granted credit to the average American.
In the United States, in 1956, the engineer William Fair and the mathematician Earl Isaac met while working at Stanford Research Institute. Soon after, they launched the company Fair, Isaac and Company, which would later become FICO.
The FICO credit score is a score of 300 to 850 that assesses the level of risk the applicant has when it comes to returning a loan. Before its creation, financial institutions had little information and internally assessed whether or not they granted credit to the applicant.
This method focuses on the analysis of data in general and on credit rating services in particular. They sold their first credit scoring system two years after the birth of the company. The FICO system was well received. He launched his system to 50 American lenders. This method of scoring, FICO, understood as a measure of consumer credit risk has now become a complement to consumer loans in the United States.

How does FICO work?
The information on which this system is based is objective and consistent. By law, creditworthiness cannot be based on the applicant's race, religion, sex or nationality. Therefore, it is a non-discriminatory system.
The points to be evaluated are three, one for each of the three risk centers: Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax. According to MyFico, the scores are based on the information that the credit bureau has about a person. If this information changes, the credit scores also change. In addition, the three scores on which they are based also affect loan conditions that loan institutions will offer us. So, what happens if we improve our scores? Well, we will have better interest rates from the institutions. It is important to be clear that new debts will have a negative impact on our score. According to Lawyers Title, the search for new credit and the opening of new credit accounts to pay previous accounts will also affect the score.
It is necessary that the three credit reports have, at least, an updated account in a minimum of six months, each one. This ensures that there is enough updated information to calculate the FICO score. There is a relationship between the risk of return and the scores: the higher the score, the lower the risk. Each lending institution has the right to choose the level of risk it is willing to accept for each loan.
Most of the scores of risk centers used in the United States are called FICO, as they are created by software developed by Fair Isaac and Company.

Credit score: what is and what is taken into account
Maybe you've heard about the credit score. This index is a rating made based on your history as a payer, that is, an operation similar to the US FICO. For example, when you are going to ask for a loan in a financial institution, the approval or not of that financing will depend on your credit history.
This history is summarized in what is known as a credit score. Therefore, it is an index that indicates how solvent a person is, what their financial health is like and how qualified they are to repay a loan. In order to determine the credit score, several variables are taken into account:
•    The money that remains available, once the fixed expenses have been paid.
•    The punctuality with which you make the payments.
•    The possibility that you do not make a payment (the default).
•    If you have had credits or not. In the event that you have had to observe if you paid regularly if you had problems to deal with them ...
•    Debt capacity. This is how much you could get into debt.
When it comes to requesting a loan, it is important to bear in mind that, the higher our credit score, the better the conditions they will give us. The banks will also observe if we have been granted a loan in advance. In the event that we have not had previous loans, it will be more difficult to predict what our credit behavior will be.
Therefore, the credit score is a system that benefits both parties. To the banks to have an efficient system to know the financial health of the clients, and for the consumers, in order to obtain more favorable financing conditions.
The FICO scoring system has been extended from the United States to many countries as well. With this score, the users of this app can know your note and negotiate better conditions with your entity. So it is no longer necessary to go blind when it comes to asking for a loan. An option that brings the transparency we need.

How "FICO 08" Impacts Your Credit Score

Changes Planned in FICO 08
The primary reason for the switch to FICO 08 had to do with the forecasting powers of the new model. Fair Isaac believes that FICO 08 will do a better job at predicting the likelihood of default on a loan by making two changes to its existing model:
Authorized Users - An authorized user is a person that is permitted by another account holder to use their account. Normally, this situation applies to a family member who is trying to manage credit for the first time, such as a college student. The new scoring model eliminates "piggybacking" which allowed individuals with bad credit to leverage the payment histories of "stronger" credit card holders by becoming an authorized user on their accounts.
Delinquencies - The second change in the scoring model has to do with payment patterns - especially those that are greater than 90 days late in making a payment. The FICO 08 model will be more forgiving to consumers that are in arrears in one area but have a number of other accounts that are in good standing. 
Fair Isaac predicts the above two changes will reduce the default rates on consumer debt by 5 to 15% for those companies switching to the new model.

How will FICO 08 affect your credit score?
Keep in mind that credit scores are used by many lenders to determine the amount of credit to extend a borrower. These creditworthiness thresholds are usually based on predetermined bands of credit scores. To make it easier for lenders to adopt FICO 08, the new scoring model will retain the same numerical range (300 - 850), minimum scoring criteria, and parameters as the prior model.

Credit Score Examples 
The following examples help illustrate the rules-of-thumb that apply to FICO 08, and how this model might change individual credit scores:
If you have at least one major account in delinquency, but you also have a number of accounts in good standing with creditors, then your credit score would likely increase/improve with the new model.
If you have at least one major account in delinquency, and you demonstrate a poor payment pattern with several other accounts with creditors, then your credit score would likely decrease/deteriorate with the FICO 08 model.
The consumers might experience a 20 to 25 point adjustment to their credit scores where the above situations apply. The most effective way to improve your credit score is by ensuring the information used to generate the score is accurate. This includes obtaining a copy of your credit report and looking for errors.

myFICO Review: Everything you always wanted to know 

Recently I was able to spend a good deal of time visiting the myFICO website. Here you can get the most updated FICO score for only $ 19.95. But the site offers much more than your score. They have several other "tabs" on their home page that provide everything from a variety of monitoring and FICO score protection products to the latest low-interest credit cards.

FICO score defined
First, let's define what we're talking about. In today's "credit-focused" world, all the different scores and reports can be confusing. The FICO score is determined by the Fair Isaac Corporation (hence the FICO name) and is a way to measure a person's creditworthiness. It's a score that can range from 350 to 850. There are many things that determine your score (the whole process is complex and very well guarded). Among other things, it includes the default history, the current amount of debt you have and the length of your credit history.
This number is used to determine everything from mortgage rates to credit card terms to car loan interest rates and is used by around 90% of banks in this country. And for the most part, your FICO score is the only thing that matters when it comes to determining these rates in your financial life. Any other so-called "score" out there is actually just fakes.

The site itself
myFICO offers you immediate access to your FICO score for only $ 19.95. As I dug into the history of myFICO, I discovered that some time ago, access to this score was free, but not anymore. I've read in many places now that it's considered "not free, but the only score that counts". As an example they give, only a score of 100 points in the FICO score could mean a difference of $ 40,000 in additional interest for the life of a thirty-year mortgage.
myFICO is simple and easy to navigate the site. There are four tabs on their home page, all offering different products related to your FICO score. The FICO scores and credit reports list all the products they offer, all of which offer a number of scoring advantages. The Financial Assistance Center tab provides a description of why your score is so important and links this information to the different products offered.

One of the most important pages on the Internet
The Education tab for me is one of the most complete pages on your credit score I haven't seen on the Internet yet. Here you can get an in-depth explanation of what your score is, what your credit report is and what it affects and does not affect them. They give you tips and suggestions to improve your score, correct mistakes in your report, how to prepare yourself for big purchases, along with forums, videos and a question and answer section on everything that is financial. They also offer several interactive "calculators" that can help you determine everything from how much it would take to pay a credit card to how much money you can afford to borrow for a home loan.

And more
The site has a card called Credit Card Center which offers you a fairly complete list of any type of credit card you may need. Here they list credit card balance transfer offers, credit cards with the best reward programs, cards to help you build your credit, business credit cards and a consulting section to help you decide which card is right for you. 
Finally, they have a Community tab that contains forums on topics covering virtually everything that is financial.

The bottom line
myFICO is basically your one-stop-shop for everything related to your credit score. I really can't think of anything they left out. There are many places on the Internet that offer you different types of scores and reports, and so on, but your FICO score is the only one that really matters. Most other sites are simply out there to sell you products that you may or may not need, while myFICO, in addition to offering you the most up-to-date credit score, provides you with relevant information on everything related to the determination of that score.
If nothing else, the Education page should be on everyone's favorite list. The information provided is simple and does not aim to try to convince you to buy a particular product or a credit card. It offers objective advice on everything that is positive or negative with respect to your credit score.

Would I buy it?
I don't always recommend spending extra money when it comes to managing your debt or credit. However, I think I would definitely give FICO my test if I ever had questions or doubts about my FICO score. It's a great tool to have available if you're trying to get rid of debt, if you're trying to figure out your score, or if you're preparing to make a big purchase of any kind.
But let me quantify it a little. Your FICO score is based largely on information contained in your credit report. I would NEVER pay my credit report because you can get this report for free once a year from one of the three major reporting agencies. However, I have not yet found any site that can give you your score for free. All the sites that claim to do this more than likely will not provide you with your real FICO score.
The world of credit reports and scores and credit management can be overwhelming and intimidating. One of the best ways to navigate through all the information you need to make informed decisions about your credit can be found on myFICO.

How Credit Queries Affect Your Credit Score

Have you noticed any queries on your credit report? Not sure what they mean? Soft and hard investigations are the result of potential creditors who evaluate your credit report after requesting something like a credit card, a mortgage or a car loan. Hard and soft investigations each affect your credit differently.

"Soft" inquiries about your credit report
Do not worry. Soft inquiries do not affect your credit score. Normally, soft inquiries occur when your credit report is requested for a background check. This can happen when you are applying for a new job, get pre-approved for loan offers, and even when you verify your own credit score.
While they usually show up on your credit report, this is not always the case. Also, they will not affect your credit score, so you do not need to worry about them.

"Hard" queries on your credit report
These investigations are more important and could affect your credit. Hard investigations occur when a lender pulls your credit report to make a loan decision. This happens most commonly when you apply for a loan, a credit card or a mortgage. However, there are other reasons why your credit may reflect a difficult investigation, such as when you request an increase in the credit limit.
They can, in some cases, lower your FICO score from one to five points and can remain on your credit report for up to two years. Normally, the hardest questions on your credit report will most likely affect your score.
Multiple difficult consultations in a short period of time can cause significant damage to your credit. When multiple hard investigations come through at once, the credit bureaus assume that you are desperate for credit or can not qualify for the credit you need. Any future creditor can also take this information and assume that you are a high-risk borrower, which will reduce your chances of getting the credit you need.
In fact, according to myFICO, people with six or more hard questions in their credit are up to eight times more likely to file for bankruptcy, compared to people without questions, which means that more inquiries usually means greater risk.

What does this mean to you?
There are certain cases that can result in a mild or difficult investigation depending on the situation (for example, when you rent a car or sign up for a new cable or Internet service). If you are not sure if your actions will lead to a mild or difficult investigation, you can simply ask the financial institution that is requesting funding.
Another exception is when you are making rate purchases. Generally, your FICO score will record only one investigation within a period of 14-45 days if you are shopping for the best mortgage, auto loan, or student loan rates. By making all your purchases for the same type of loan within a two week period, you can reduce the effect on your credit.
If a difficult investigation was done without your permission, you may be able to dispute it. This can be done by calling or writing to the creditor and asking them to eliminate the unauthorized investigation of their credit report. You can also dispute them directly with the credit bureau. Otherwise, if you have authorized the difficult investigation, it may take up to two years to disappear from your credit report. 
As is the case with anything that negatively affects your credit score, investigations can affect your ability to obtain good loan rates. More hard research means a lower credit score, which means fewer credit options or a higher interest rate. This ultimately means that you will pay more over the life of the loan.
The good news about a difficult investigation is that if you are not doing it often, it will not have a big effect on your credit. For example, factors such as your payment history, credit history, and credit rate are weighted much more. Continue monitoring your credit every month to make sure there are no unauthorized hard investigations or other problems so you can continue to maintain the highest score possible.
On the other hand, if you already have bad credit, then a further hard investigation can have an even greater impact on your score. Try to keep your hard questions to only one or two a year, if possible.


6