CREDIT SCORE TIPS

Getting Your Credit Score To Work For You



How to take advantage of an excellent credit score
Whether you are buying a new car, requesting a credit card or entering into a credit line with your bank to improve the home, lenders want to know what the risk is of investing in you. If you have a high FICO score, you've done a lot of hard work to get there, and now it's time to reap the benefits. Our experts evaluate how having a stellar credit score can save you money.
The FICO score is a standard credit score in the United States and is used in over 90% of the decisions involving a loan. Generally, anything above a 700 is considered good, and if you are over 800, then you have excellent credit. But what does it mean, and how should you take advantage of this ideal three-digit number?

Sign up bonus
Chances are that if you have a good credit history, you've heard from credit card companies that they want your business. Rosemarie Clancy, editor in chief of rewardexpert.com, says that one of the most rewarding things you can do is take advantage of the huge sign-up bonuses available on credit cards.
Some credit card companies offer thousands of points to customers with the best credit points that can be exchanged for cash or return flights abroad. "It offers some great earning opportunities for building your bank points, which I consider a piggy bank," says Clancy.

Low-interest rates
Whether you have average credit or excellent credit, you will probably be able to buy a car or a home. However, your credit score can mean the difference in saving or spending thousands of dollars on the life of the loan you take out for that car or home. Higher credit scores generally mean lower interest rates.
Having a good credit score also gives you greater bargaining power. If you have a credit card in the excellent range - over 800 - you have some bargaining power and you shouldn't be afraid to contact your credit card and lenders to explore opportunities to lower interest rates. 

Fastest loans
Do you need a home repair, or have you just seen your dream home and want to act fast? If you have a high FICO score, creditors can quickly track your credit request, your second myFICO. In fact, in the current high-tech world, many credit applications can be approved almost instantly.

The best credit cards
If your credit score is the cream of the crop, you may receive credit card offers that are difficult to refuse, says Sweet. Since your credit score is high, you are considered low risk by companies and therefore you can generally get higher spending limits, lower interest rates, and more benefits: cards that are only offered to their favorite customers.

Monthly bills
We all have the daily bills we have to pay: rent, insurance, public services. But did you know that having a low credit score can cost you more in these monthly costs? You can pay lower security deposits for leases or utility services, and good credit scores can qualify for lower insurance premiums.
Are you thinking of changing the telephone operators and want to explore your possibilities? If you have a good credit score, chances are you won't have any problems and you may not have to pay any upfront fees.

A job
That's right - your credit score can also affect your ability to land a job. According to the Michigan State University Extension, a credit score can be used as a tool by potential employers to eliminate the employability of applicants and report the likely performance of an employee at work.


What is a good credit score? 

Understanding of credit ratings and ranges
When it comes to your credit, it's important to know how you stack up. Do you have good credit? Excellent credit? Poor credit? How can you find out?
In most cases, the simplest way to determine the status of the credit is to look at the credit score, a numerical value that reflects a mathematical analysis of the debt, the history of payments, the existence of privileges or other judgments and others statistical data collected by credit agencies. In other words, your credit score is the compact and simplified version of the entire credit history, all rolled up into an ordered three-digit number.

Why do you need good credit?
The importance of having good credit cannot be underestimated. From helping you get a loan, to qualifying for a great job, good credit simplifies life and costs less.
In the eyes of credit institutions, employers, insurance agents and a myriad of other people and entities, the status of your credit represents how responsible and even ethical it is. For example, creditors look at your credit score to determine not only your ability but your willingness to repay a loan. Insurance companies see an individual with a good credit score as someone who is reliable and less prone to commit insurance fraud. Even many employers perform a credit check to determine if a candidate is likely to be a responsible employee. (However, it should be noted that employers only have access to a modified version of your credit report that omits some personal information, including your account numbers and the year of birth.)
Bad credit can prevent you from being able to buy a home, work in some areas, and will end up costing a package in higher interest rates and commissions. However, if you understand what hurts your credit score, you can make an effort to correct bad habits and improve your credit rating.

The three main credit agencies
Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion
There are three major credit bureaus that provide consumer credit information (including credit scores) to most stakeholders: Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion. Each reporting agency collects information about your credit history from a variety of sources, including credit institutions, landowners and employers, as well as other sources. These include public records, current and past loans, payment history and other data. They then evaluate your performance using a proprietary scoring system to get a credit score.
Since each agency can access different information and has its own solvency calculation formula, it is not uncommon for someone to have three different credit scores.
Understanding credit scores to detail.
Your credit score is a three-digit number that represents the status of your credit. If you know your score, you can get an idea of how creditors, insurance agencies and interested employers see your credit:

Excellent credit: credit score over 800
If your credit score is above 800, you have an exceptionally long credit history that is not marked by payments like late payments, collection accounts, privileges, judgments or bankruptcies. Not only do you have multiple credit lines established, but you have or have had experience with different types of credit, including installment loans and revolving credit lines. Generally, you have a stable work history, usually with a company.
Simply put, you are a borrower of A + in the eyes of all large and small creditors and you will have no problem getting a loan of your choice. Get ready to receive the best interest rates, repayment terms, and lowest available rates. Insurance companies love people like you because they are sure that you will pay the premiums on time and carry virtually no risk of insurance fraud. Furthermore, prospective employers love you because you have shown that personal and financial responsibility is of the utmost importance to you.

Very good credit: Credit score between 750 and 800
If your credit score is between 750 and 800, you have a long and distinct credit history that shows a responsible payment history and the ability to handle multiple types of credit responsibly. In reality, for the most part, you are considered to be on the same level as borrowers with excellent credit history, with the exception that you could have a higher debt to income ratio.
In the eyes of creditors, insurance companies and employers, you are just as good as anyone with excellent credit and, for the most part, will receive the same red carpet treatment. Ultimately, having great credit will qualify you for some of the best deals in the city.

Good credit: Credit score between 700 and 750
Having good credit means that you have built a solid credit history by working hard to keep your accounts in good standing - however, there may be a late payment or two somewhere in the past. Things happen sometimes, but they are nothing you can't handle. You may have registered a collection account, but you paid for it. And you know you have an extra debt with your credit card, but you've taken great steps to get it under control.
In general, creditors will have no problem lending money to someone like you. Your good credit score will land you competitive interest rates and low origin costs, although certainly not as good as you could have achieved with a few more points on your score. You won't even have trouble getting an insurance policy for any need, but you should expect your premiums to be slightly higher than those with excellent or even very good credit.
Furthermore, your good credit should not have any negative effect on your ability to be hired.

Fair Credit: credit scores between 650 and 700
Having fair credit means you have hit some bumps in the past. Late payments, collection accounts and perhaps even an old public record mark your credit history. Or maybe you just have too much debt.
Regardless of the reason for the less than stellar score, it will be more difficult to find a lender willing to lend, especially if the low credit score is the result of slow payments. It will represent a greater risk of default for a creditor and may, therefore, be required to guarantee the loan with a deposit or tangible personal property (otherwise known as a "guarantee") before the loan offer is extended.
Furthermore, unsecured revolving credit will be very difficult to obtain. Insurance companies will tend to evaluate insurance policies for people in your credit category because of the potential for non-payment of premiums or above-average risk of committing insurance fraud. Furthermore, some jobs may not be available to candidates with fair credit, such as jobs in the financial sector.
Having fair credit means that you have work to do to get you back into good financial shape. It is absolutely necessary to take action now to avoid further damage to your credit report and get back on the road to good financial health. By reducing your credit card debt, making sure you get your bills paid on time each month, and paying all open collections, your credit score will move enough in the next three to six months to get you back into the realm of a good credit rating.

Bad Credit: Credit score between 600 and 650
Having bad credit is not a pleasant experience. In the past, you have had more credit problems, most likely with the payment history on one or more accounts. You probably also have an account or two in collections and you could have a bankruptcy deposit.
It will be extremely difficult to find any lenders willing to lend to you without a significant down payment or collateral to guarantee the loan against insolvency. Insurance agencies will continue to take out insurance policies for you, but the products will be limited and cost much more than the same products for customers with better scores. You may also have higher car insurance costs.
Some employers - especially those in the financial, defense, chemical, and pharmaceutical industries - will make you not hire if you haven't built or maintained a solid credit. They may believe that you represent a greater than average risk of employee theft or fraud, which could also make it difficult to change position or get a promotion with your current employer.
Having bad credit means it's time to roll up your sleeves and get information on your current financial situation. Even if your current position may not be your fault - thanks to the loss of work, illness or other unforeseen circumstances: it is your responsibility to take the necessary steps to reverse the course you are on. Watch carefully where you are in your life and take the necessary steps to reverse the trends that led to your negative score.

Very bad credit: credit scores below 600
If you have very bad credit, you are more than likely a delinquent on more than one account. You have accounts of active collections and you probably have at least one judgment, repurchase or bankrupt in your file. If you have credit cards, they are out of print or closed for non-payment.
This is as bad as it gets, as this will have many negative effects on your life. Lenders, with the exception of those who specialize in loans to bad credit borrowers, do not approve you of any loan product, even if you can provide a substantial down payment or a guarantee, and insurance agencies will probably refuse you based on risks that pose. Often, employers who check your credit will not hire you, regardless of whether there is another valid candidate or not.
Bad credit, no matter how bad it is, is still a temporary condition. Late payments will vanish from your archive after 7 years and public records will be deleted after 10.
Although it can be difficult to be patient, know that time is on your side when it comes to managing bad credit. Now is the time to start making good financial choices: pay the bills on time, pay the collections accounts and refrain from taking on additional debts. In a few years, you can say goodbye to your bad rating and say goodbye to a world of financial possibilities.

Final word
Your credit score is an extremely important part of your overall credit file, but it's just a piece of the pie. Lenders, insurance companies and some employers will put a lot of weight on your credit in determining your dignity.
However, other factors also enter the decision-making process. If you have credit from good to excellent, make sure you take the necessary steps to protect it by repaying your loans on a monthly basis, avoiding getting more debts than necessary and keeping other bills paid in time to avoid collection accounts.
If you have bad credit, don't despair - make a snowflake on your debt, try to pay the collections accounts and start paying all your accounts on time every month.