CONCLUSION
Can you get a "perfect" credit score?

Perfection is overrated
For most borrowers, a score of 720-850 is considered excellent, which will help you get the best loan offers at the lowest rates. If you have between 681 and 720, that's fine, and you'll still qualify for a lot of credit. So, in this case, perfection is overrated. Once your score is above 700, any improvement in your score is, for the most part, pointless.
Think of it this way: a perfect SAT score for college admission applications is 1,600, of the 1.7 million young people who take the test each year, only 300 are the kind of "unicorns" who score a perfect score. And yet, millions of them still enter the university despite not being "perfect". The same goes for your credit score.
With a credit score, lenders consider your credit usage history, your payment history on time, the amount of credit you use and some other influencing factors, whether it is a good bet to expect to receive back the money you lent him Once you have established that you are good at all of these factors, you do not need to be a financial "Eagle Scout" to get a loan.
Also, if you are looking for a perfect score, you must specify which one. There are dozens of commercially used credit scores that consider or ignore various aspects of their finances, such as paying rent and utilities on time, which gives younger borrowers and those with limited credit histories a better opportunity to pay. be evaluated fairly. Beyond standard scores, many large lenders use their own internally calculated scores, because what is important for a mortgage lender is not as vital to a car dealer.

Perfect is possible
However, you can achieve a perfect credit score. Last year, according to Bloomberg, Fair Isaac discovered that of the more than 200 million qualified US consumers with FICO credit scores, less than 3 million, or just 1.4 percent, scored a perfect score. 850. And while you may not get a loan better than if you had obtained 775, a perfect score at least gives you the right to brag. In addition, everyone needs a hobby, and aiming for a perfect 850 is safer than diving into the water from a cliff.
To achieve perfection, you must understand the important factors involved in a credit score and how they are qualified. While it will vary from the score to score, the structure of the classic FICO score will give you a very good guide to attain a great feat in the business world.

Appreciation 
Wе ѕіnсеrеlу аррrесіаtе уоur рurсhаѕе оf our e-Book thаt reveals uѕеful information about еvеrуthіng уоu need tо know аbоut credit score in the financial market. Wе hоре you love it! 
Thаnkѕ! 
Brian Mitchell.