



                     12 Credit Lines and Cards You Can
                           Get for Your Business
                    A credit line, or line of credit (LOC), is an agreement between a financial
                    institution or private investor. It establishes the highest loan balance a
                    borrower can access.
                    A borrower can access funds from their line of credit any time, long as
                    they don’t exceed the maximum set in the agreement. Plus they must
                    meet any other requirements of the finance institution or investor,
                    such as making timely payments.

                    Credit Line Details
                    Credit lines provide many unique advantages to borrowers including
                    flexibility. Borrowers can use their lines of credit and only pay interest
                    on what they use, unlike loans where they pay interest on the full
                    amount borrowed. You can reuse credit lines. So as you build a balance
                    and pay that balance off, you can use that available credit, again and
                    again.
                    Credit lines are revolving accounts like credit cards. Contrast them with
                    other forms of financing like installment loans. Often, lines of credit
                    are unsecured, much the same as credit cards. But there are some
                    secured credit lines, which are easier to qualify for.
                    Credit lines are the most commonly requested
                    loan type in the business world. But even
                    though they are very popular, true credit lines
                    are rare and hard to find. Many are also very
                    tough to qualify for. They usually demand
                    good credit, good time in business, and good
                    financials. But there are other credit cards and
                    lines that few know about. They are available for startups, bad credit,
                    and even if you have no financials.
                    Most credit line types that most business owners think of come from
                    conventional banks. Conventional banks use SBA loans as their primary
                    loan product for small business owners. This is because the SBA insures
                    as much as 90% of the loan in the case of default. These credit lines are


2   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of