



     the hardest to qualify for because you must qualify with the SBA and
     the bank.

     1. – 5. SBA Express and CapLines
     There are two main types of SBA loans you can typically secure.
     CAPLines is one. There are actually 4 types of CAPLines that can work
     for your business.
     Or secure a lower loan amount faster with SBA Express. Most of these
     programs offer BOTH loans and revolving lines of credit. From the SBA…
     “CAPLines is the umbrella program under which SBA helps business owners meet
     short-term and cyclical working capital needs”. Loan amounts are available
     up to $5 million. Loan qualification requirements are the same as with
     other SBA programs.

     1. CapLines Seasonal Line
     A Seasonal Line advances against anticipated inventory and accounts
     receivables. Designed to help seasonal businesses. Loan or revolving
     are available.

     2. CapLines Contract Line
     A Contract Line finances direct labor and material costs of performing
     assignable contracts. Loan or revolving are available.

     3. CapLines Builders Line
     A Builders Line is for general contractors or builders constructing or
     renovating commercial or residential buildings. Used to finance direct
     labor and material costs. Here, the building project serves as the collateral.
     Loan or revolving are available.

     4. CapLines Working Capital Line
     For a Working Capital Line, borrowers must use the loan proceeds for
     short term working capital/operating needs. If the proceeds are used to
     get fixed assets, lender must refinance the part of the line used to get
     the fixed asset into an appropriate term facility. They must do so no
     later than 90 days after lender discovers the line was used to finance a
     fixed asset.

routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       3