



                    5. SBA Express
                    The SBA Express program offers access to a credit line for well-qualified
                    borrowers
                    Get approval for up to $350,000. Interest rates vary, with SBA allowing
                    banks to charge as much as 6.5% over their base rate. Loans over
                    $25,000 will call for collateral.

                    SBA Approval Requirements
                    For approval, you need good personal and business credit. The SBA states
                    you should not have any blemishes on your report. You need good bank
                    credit. An acceptable bank score requires you have at least $10,000 in
                    your account over the last 90 days. You also need a resume showing
                    you have industry experience. Plus a well put-together business plan.
                    You will need three years of business and personal tax returns, and
                    your business returns should show a profit. You also need a current
                    balance sheet and income statement, showing you have the funds to
                    repay the loan.
                    For approval, you need verification of your account receivables, if you
                    have them. You need collateral to offset the risk. Usually all business
                    assets will be taken as collateral, plus some personal assets including
                    your home. It’s not uncommon to need collateral equal to 50% or more
                    of the loan amount. You also need articles of incorporation, business
                    licenses, contracts with all third parties and your lease.

                    6. Private Investors and Alternative Lenders
                    Private investors and alternative lenders also offer credit lines. These
                    are easier to qualify for than conventional SBA loans. They also request
                    much less documentation for approval. These alternative SBA credit
                    lines usually demand good personal credit for approval.
                    Unlike with the SBA, many of them don’t
                    demand good bank or business credit for
                    approval. Almost all these types of programs
                    demand two years of tax returns. Tax returns
                    MUST show a profit. Rates can vary from 7% or
                    higher and loan amounts range from $25,000
                    into the millions. Loan amounts are typically


4   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of