



     based on the revenues and/or profits reflected on the tax returns.
     Sometimes lenders want other financials such as a P&L, balance sheets,
     and income statements.

     7. Merchant Cash Advances
     Merchant cash advances have quickly become the most popular way to
     get financing. This is in large part due to the easy qualification process.
     Companies with $10,000 in revenue can get
     approval, with the business owner having
     scores as low as 500. Some sources have now
     even started to offer credit lines that go with
     their loans. You will need to have at least
     $10,000 in revenue for approval. You should be
     in business for at least one year. Three years is
     even better. Lenders often want to see a personal credit score of 650 or
     higher for approval.
     Loan amounts are usually around $20,000. Lenders often pull your
     business credit, so you should have some credit already established.
     Sometimes lenders will want to see tax returns. Rates vary based
     on risk for this program, and there aren’t a lot of funding sources
     offering it.

     8. Securities Financing
     Get financing regardless of personal credit if you have some type of
     stocks or bonds. Or get approval if you have someone who wants to use
     their stocks or bonds as collateral for your financing. Personal credit
     quality doesn’t matter. There are no consumer credit requirements for
     approval. Get approval for as much as 90% of the value of your stocks
     or bonds. Rates are often less than 2%, making this one of the lowest
     rate credit lines you’ll ever see. You still earn interest as normal on your
     stocks and bonds.
     But what about credit cards? Credit cards and lines are very similar
     each other.

     9. Unsecured Cards up to $150,000
     Credit cards usually offer 0% introductory rates for up to two years.


routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       5