



                    This is very helpful for startups especially. Credit lines allow you to take
                    out more cash at a much cheaper rate than cards. These are the two
                    main differences between credit cards and credit line. Investopedia
                    even says “lines of credit are potentially useful hybrids of credit cards…”
                    Both cards and lines are revolving credit. Credit lines are harder to qualify
                    for. Card approvals are typically very fast, and many times automated.
                    Lines require an in-depth underwriting review. Lines usually offer
                    lower rates. According to Bankrate, card rates average 13% while lines
                    average 4%.
                    Most banks offer unsecured business credit cards. And most of them
                    report to the consumer credit reporting agencies. They all want a
                    personal guarantee from you. You get approval usually for one card
                    at the most. They will stop approving you when you have two or more
                    inquiries on your report.
                    Most credit card companies offer business credit cards including
                    Capital One, Chase, and Amex. These have rates like consumer rates.
                    Limits are also similar. Some report to the consumer reporting agencies.
                    Others report to the business bureaus. Approval requirements are like
                    for consumer credit card accounts.
                    Typically, when you apply for a credit card you put an inquiry on your
                    consumer report. When other lenders see these, they won’t approve
                    you for more credit. This is because they don’t know how much other
                    new credit you have recently obtained. So they’ll only approve you
                    if you have less than two inquiries on your report within the last six
                    months. Any more will get you declined.
                    With unsecured business financing (UBF), you work with a lender
                    specializing in securing business credit cards. This is a VERY rare, little-
                    known program that few lending sources offer. They can usually get
                    you 3 – 5 times the amount of the approvals you would get on your
                    own. This is because they know the sources to apply for, and the order
                    to apply. And they can time their applications
                    so the card issuers won’t decline you for the
                    other card inquiries. Individual approvals
                    usually range from $2,000 – 50,000.
                    The result of their services is that you usually
                    get up to five cards mimicking the credit


6   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of