



     limits of your highest limit accounts now.
     Several cards create competition. So you can
     get your limits raised typically within six
     months or fewer of initial approval. Approvals
     can go up to $150,000 per entity such as a
     corporation. With UBF they get you three to
     five business credit cards which report only
     to business credit reporting agencies. This is HUGE, something most
     lenders don’t offer or advertise. Not only will you get money, but you
     build your business credit as well. So within three to four months, use
     your newly established business credit to get even more money.
     The lender can also get you low introductory rates, typically 0% for 6
     to 18 months. Then pay normal rates after that, typically 5 – 21% APR
     with 20 – 25% APR for cash advances. And they’ll also get you the best
     cards for points, meaning you get the best rewards. As with anything,
     there are HUGE benefits in working with a source specializing in this
     area. And the results will be much better than if you try to go at it alone.
     You must have excellent personal credit now, preferably 685 or better
     scores. This is the same as with all business credit cards. You shouldn’t
     have ANY derogatory credit reported for approval. Also, you must have
     open revolving credit on your consumer reports now. And you must
     have five inquiries or fewer in the last six months reported.
     All lenders in this space charge a 9 – 15% success-based fee. You only
     pay the fee for what you secure. Remember, you get a ton of extra
     benefits and about three to five times more money with this program
     than you’d get on your own. This is why there’s a fee, the same as all
     other lending programs.
     Get approval using a guarantor. Or use several guarantors to get even
     more money. There are also other cards available with this program.
     But these cards only report to CONSUMER reporting agencies. They do
     not report to the business credit reporting agencies. They are consumer
     credit cards versus business credit cards.
     They provide similar benefits including 0% intro APRs and five times
     the amount of approval of a single card. But they’re much easier to
     qualify for. Get approval with a 650 score and seven inquiries in the last
     six months. And you can have a bankruptcy on your credit, and other
     derogatory items. These are much easier to get than UBF business
     cards.

routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       7