



                    10. Revenue Credit Lines
                    Some lenders are now issuing revenue credit lines on top of their normal
                    loans. This is a BIG deal! This is one of the only types of true credit lines
                    available when you don’t have good personal credit.
                    If you are lower risk, you might get both a revenue lending deal and
                    credit lines. You might have a good amount of time in business, good
                    personal credit, or good bank account management. For example,
                    we’ve seen clients get a $200,000 revenue lending deal, and a $25,000
                    credit line to go with it. It’s all due to their lower risk.
                    For approval, you need consistent cash flow and good bank account
                    management. You should be in business at least one year with
                    least $10,000 in revenue. And you must manage your bank account
                    responsibly. This means extra funds in your account at the end of each
                    month.
                    Loan amounts run from $10,000 to $50,000.

                    11. Inventory Financing
                    With Inventory Financing get a low rate credit line. This is by using
                    current inventory as collateral. Secure a credit line for 50% of your
                    current inventory value if your inventory is worth $500,000 or higher.
                    Get approval for a line with rates as low as 5% regardless of your
                    personal credit quality.
                    Inventory financing is very easy to qualify for, as you won’t need financials
                    or good credit for approval. To qualify for inventory financing, your
                    business must have an existing inventory, valued over $500,000. The
                    inventory might be of supplies, retail merchandise, or materials used
                    to produce your product. Or it can be other non-obsolete inventory.
                    The lender will review your existing inventory and is also interested
                    in the quality of your inventory management system. With qualifying
                    inventory, get fast approval with just a review of inventory records.
                    Loan amounts of $250,000 to $500,000 are available.




8   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of