



     12. Business Credit
     With all previous cards mentioned, you need good CONSUMER credit
     for approval. But what if your personal credit isn’t good, and you don’t
     have a guarantor? This is when BUILDING BUSINESS CREDIT makes a ton
     of sense. Even if you have good personal credit, building your business
     credit helps you get even more money. And it’s all without a personal
     guarantee.
     Business credit is credit in a business’s name,
     linked to the business’s EIN, not the owner’s
     SSN. When done right, you can get business
     credit with no personal credit check and no
     personal guarantee. This is something all
     other cards mentioned can’t deliver. You can
     get three types of business credit cards.
     The vendor credit tier offers net 20 terms used to start a business credit
     profile. With the retail credit tier, get credit cards with high limits at
     most stores. With the cash and fleet credit tiers, get Visa, MasterCard,
     and Amex cards to use anywhere. You can get these with no credit check
     or guarantee. Limits are often $5,000 – 10,000 to start, and can exceed
     $50,000.

     Summary
     In this guide we’ve outlined 12 different types of business credit cards
     and lines you can get now. There are options available or challenged
     personal credit. And there are options if you have no collateral, even if
     you have no cash flow.
     For more details on these 12 funding options, check out our full webinar
     here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJjZU252ckU.
     These 12 options are some of many funding options that are available
     for your business. Visit www.creditsuite.com/getfunding. Discover all the
     funding you can qualify for now, with hundreds of lenders and every
     legitimate business funding option available today.




routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       9