B U I L D I N G   B U S I N E S S   C R E D I T
                                                                                                  Steps




6 Steps To Building Business Credit
                                                                                                  6
In this book we will be showing you the 6 Steps to building business credit.

Steps 1 and 2 are foundational and critical to complete so that your business is ready to build strong business
credit scores. Without completing Steps 1 and 2 it is impossible to build business credit scores that are
separate from you personally.

Steps 3, 4, 5 & 6 are where you actually build business credit.

Step 3 is setting up with all business credit agencies; EquiFax, Experian and Dun & Bradstreet.

Step 4 is obtaining five vendor lines of credit that report to the agencies

Step 5 is obtaining three business credit cards that report to the agencies.

Step 6 is obtaining your first business bank loan that reports to the business credit agencies.

Below is summary of each Step and what you must do to successfully build business credit.


           Step 1 - Setting The Foundation For Building Business Credit
           1.1 - Making Sure Your Business Is Ready To Build Business Credit.
           1.2 - Your business entity structure, what it takes to build business credit.
           1.3 - You will be building strong business credit and you should protect it.
           1.4 - Why your business location is vital to building business credit.
           1.5 - Your business must be in 411 directory assistance to get approved.
           1.6 - Your business credit identity (EIN), the tracking and how you get one.
           1.7 - Why you must verify that all agencies listings are "exactly" the same.

           Step 2 - Optimizing Your Banking, Assets and Revenue To Maximize Fundability
           2.1 - Your bank accounts, a vital business credit building component.
           2.2 - Identifying the business assets and availability for credit use.
           2.3 - The business owners can play a key role in building business credit.
           2.4 - The one credit card that every business can get that opens all 3 national files.
           2.5 - Bank Visa and MasterCards that can be used as cash and that build credit.




                                                          1