                                                                                         Step




Step 1 – The Foundation
                                                                                      1
      1.1 - Making Sure Your Business Is Ready To Build Business Credit.
      1.2 - Your business entity structure, what it takes to build business credit.
      1.3 - You will be building strong business credit and you should protect it.
      1.4 - Why your business location is vital to building business credit.
      1.5 - Your business must be in 411 directory assistance to get approved.
      1.6 - Your business credit identity (EIN), the tracking and how you get one.
      1.7 - Why you must verify that all agencies listings are "exactly" the same.



Step 1.1 - Setup Structure

  Making Sure Your Business Is Ready To Build Business Credit
  Throughout Step 1 we are going to cover the foundational issues. Let's begin with the name of your
  business. Even if you are already incorporated or have been in business for a while, we need to
  check to see if your business name conflicts with other established businesses or if it could
  potentially cause Trademark infringement.

  1. Dun and Bradstreet - Credit Name Search
  Check to see if any businesses with the same or very similar names are listed with Dun and
  Bradstreet (D&B). To use D&B's Find a Company search Click Here. Be sure you select
  "Nationwide" on the "Select a State" drop-down. Your business name should not already be listed
  with D&B and needs to be unique. The reason for that is you do not want your business always
  having to explain "why it is not that other business with the same name".

  2. Knowx.com - National Name Search
  Check to make sure that your business name does not conflict with other businesses nationwide. To
  do that you can use www.Knowx.com. They charge $65 for a national search but it is well worth it. If
  you would rather not pay the $65 you can run a business name search yourself on each Secretary of
  State's web site. Inside our business credit building system that free search is available.

  3. Trademark - Infringement Name Search
  Check with the U.S. Trademark office to make sure that your business name will not cause
  Trademark infringement. To do that for free please Click Here, then click on Search under "Get a
  Trademark Registration..." From there, select New User Form Search to submit a query. You want
  to find that your business name is free and clear. Doing this search on your own is a little
  complicated, please be sure to read all the Trademark Office instructions. If you want to insure that
  this important search is done correctly by a professional we recommend that you Click Here.




                                                   3