Step 2.1 - Bank Accounts

  It is vital that the way your business name is listed on your business bank account(s)
  matches exactly with how your business name appears on your legal paperwork that has
  been filed with the State. It must also match exactly with the business name that appears on
  your Federal EIN paperwork.

  IF IT DOES NOT MATCH, GET IT CORRECTED IMMEDIATELY!
  All lenders determine the age of your business by the date you first opened your business
  banking account. The date that appears on your Incorporation, LLC, or EIN paperwork is of no
  concern to lenders or to the business credit agencies.

  Everything in business lending and business credit starts from the day you open your
  business bank account.

  Your business banking history is vital to your future success of being able to secure business loans.
  Lenders will look to see how long that relationship has been established, so once you get your
  account established and/or corrected,

  DO NOT MOVE BANKS. The longer your business banking history is, the better it is for your
  business borrowing potential.

  If you haven't already done so, now is the time to verify that the business names listed on your State,
  Federal and Banking paperwork all match 100% and all have your business listed at the exact same
  mailing address.

  The rest of Step 2 is below and is fully detailed inside our business credit building system.

  2.2 - Identifying the business assets and availability for credit use.

  2.3 - The business owners can play a key role in building business credit.

  2.4 - The one credit card that every business can get that opens all 3 national files.

  2.5 - Bank Visa and MasterCards that can be used as cash and that build credit.




  Your business must have its own business credit scores. For a one-time fee, which is for a
  Lifetime Membership, our Business Credit Building System will help you build strong
  business credit scores in just 120 days. Get it done at BusinessFinanceCoach.com




                                                     6