                                                                                               Step




Step 3 - Credit Agencies
                                                                                            3
     3.1 - Dun & Bradstreet Business Credit Report.
     3.2 - Experian Business Profile Report.
     3.3 - Equifax Small Business Credit Report.
     3.4 - Credit scores, what are excellent business credit scores.

In Step 3, you are shown how to get your business credit files open with all three business credit
reporting agencies ... Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, and EquiFax.

Dun & Bradstreet is used by most vendors to extend lines of credit. Landlords use them to approve office
leases as well. Experian is used by many credit card companies and non-traditional business lenders.
EquiFax is called the "Small Business Financial Exchange" and is most important for cash lenders such
as banks.

The how-to instructions in this Step for getting set up "the right way" with each Business Credit Reporting
Agency are very clearly spelled out and the methods have been tested and proven by thousands of our
business members before you.

There are some confusing claims made by the business credit reporting agencies. For instance, Dun &
Bradstreet claims that you must pay them or your business file will never be opened. That is simply not
true. Your file will activate with them, it just will take a few reporting cycles. Equifax claims that they don't
allow business owners to purchase a copy of their reports. That is true, but we will show how to obtain a
copy of your EquiFax business report without purchasing it.

In Step 3 we wipe away all confusion about the Business Credit Reporting Agencies. Along with being
able to access all three of your business credit reports, you will have a much clearer understanding of the
business credit reporting process and you will know how your business credit scores are developed
when we are finished.

Our business credit building system is data integrated with Experian Smart business credit reports. So
when you first login you will be able to see exactly where your company currently stands in the business
credit building process, and then be able to track your real-time progress as your business credit grows.

Personal credit scores range from 300 to 850 with scores of 720+ being considered excellent.
That should be your goal for personal credit. Business credit scores range from 0 to 100 with
scores of 75+ being strong. Since 1995, Our Business Credit Building System has made that
happen for over 50,000 businesses before yours. Now let's make it happen for yours too.

The rest of Step 3 is fully detailed inside our business credit building system.

Your business must have its own business credit scores. For a low one-time fee, which is for a
Lifetime Membership , our Business Credit Building System will help you build strong business
credit scores in just 120 days. Get it done at BusinessFinanceCoach.com




                                                        7