                                                                                       Step




Step 4 - Vendor Credit (Net 30)
                                                                                    4
     4.1 - The "Starter Set" of Net 30 Vendors.
     4.2 - Vendors For Computers & Electronics.
     4.3 - Vendors for Office Supplies, Marketing & Print.
     4.4 - Vendors for Building & Industrial Supplies.
     4.5 - Vendors Who Are Major Retail & Specialty Providers.
     4.6 - A summary of your selected vendor accounts & applications.

A vendor line of credit is when a company (vendor) extends a line of credit to your business on
"Net 30, 60 or 90" day terms. This means you can purchase their products or services up to a
maximum dollar amount and you have 30, 60 or 90 days to pay the bill in full. So if you purchase
$300 worth of goods today, then that $300 is due within the next 30 days.

The facts about vendor credit lines:

   1. You can get products and services your business needs and defer the payment on those for 30
       days, thereby easing cash flow. This is called "Net 30".
   2. When your first Net 30 account reports your "trade line" to Dun & Bradstreet, the DUNS system
       will automatically activate your file and your number if it isn't already.
   3. Many of our vendors will open a Net 30 terms account for your company with as little as an EIN
       number and a verified 411 listing.
   4. There should be enough vendors to choose from so that if one or two of them insist on requiring
       an active credit file first, you'll be able to move on to another.
   5. Always apply first without using your SSN, some vendors will request it and some will even tell
       you on the phone they have to have it. Submit first without it, with your EIN only.
   6. Some vendors may ask you to place an initial prepaid order. If so, get that order out of the way
       fast and move on to having a Net 30 account opened.
   7. Remember that the goal here is to have at least five (5) Net 30 accounts opened and reporting,
       not necessarily to have vendors that serve 100% of your business needs right now. Later, once
       your scores are built, you can add better vendors as you may need them.
   8. Pay your vendor accounts as close to Net 15 days as possible. The quicker you pay them the
       better your business credit scores will be.
   9. You must be patient and allow time for the vendors' reporting cycles to get into the
       system and begin impacting your business credit scores. It typically takes three (3) cycles
       of "Net" accounts reporting to build credit scores.
   10. Remember we said from the very beginning that it takes 90 to 120 days to build business credit
       scores. The credit reporting cycles are the main reason for that and it cannot be done faster.

You can take the chance of researching and finding the right vendors on you own, or for a low
one-time fee at BusinessFinanceCoach.com we’ll give you access to our proprietary list of
approved vendors. Our vendors have been verified to extend net terms and only report on your
business credit. You will also see exactly what they require to approve your business for a line of
credit before applying. Simply pay them early and begin building strong business scores.



                                                  8