                                                                                            Step




Step 5 - Revolving Credit Accounts
                                                                                         5
     5.1 - The "Starter Set" of Revolving Credit Accounts.
     5.2 - Revolving Accounts for Major Credit Card Providers.
     5.3 - Revolving Accounts for Office Resources & Supplies.
     5.4 - Revolving Accounts for Building & Decor Supplies.
     5.5 - Revolving Accounts for Gas Stations & Fleet Management.
     5.6 - Revolving Accounts for Major Retail & Specialty Providers.
     5.7 - A summary of your selected revolving credit card accounts & applications.


Having three (3) Revolving Business Credit Card accounts is key to building business credit.

For your business credit building success you need to obtain three (3) revolving business credit card
accounts. These accounts report to the business credit agencies in different ways and carry more weight
than the vendor credit that you selected in Step 4.

A revolving credit account is simply one that allows you to pay a "minimum due" per month and not the
full outstanding balance. These accounts normally report to Experian and sometimes to D&B and
EquiFax. Because of how they report, these accounts will help build your business credit on a larger scale
than just the Net 30 day vendors alone.

If you haven't completed Steps 1 through 4 there is no point in starting Step 5.

Why? Because you will most likely get declined. These accounts will be checking to see that your
business credit foundation is set and that your business credit files are open. They may also check your
bank rating, look to see if you have some open vendor lines of credit and, in many cases, they will want to
see that your D&B file is open.

In this step it does not matter which Revolving Credit Card Accounts you open and make
purchases with. We have a great selection of companies offering products and services that are of value
to any and all businesses.

For example, inside our business credit building system is a business credit card that can be used almost
universally to buy car, truck, and airplane fuel and to pay for almost any car, truck, or airplane service
costs such as new tires, brakes, maintenance, or repairs. All of our users can get approved for this card
and it reports to Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, and Equifax to open all three of your business credit files.

Your business needs three (3) business credit cards that report to the national agencies. For a low
one-time fee you’ll have full access to our highly researched business cards, just like the one
above, that only report on business credit. You’ll also see exactly what they require to approve
your business before applying. All in one easy place. Go to BusinessFinanceCoach.com and
enroll today! How much is your time worth?




                                                    9