                                                                                            Step




Step 6 - Bank Credit
                                                                                         6
  6.1 - Bank rating, what is it and how to use it to your advantage.
  6.2 - Unique funding programs that are available sources of business cash.
  6.3 - Sources for finding personal cash that can be used in your business.
  6.4 - Obtaining one bank business loan that reports to the credit agencies.
  6.5 - Where to go to get the one bank loan that your business must have.

Getting "Bank Credit" makes your business more credible in the eyes of almost all other lenders.

In Step 6, we will walk through what must be done to obtain some of the initial Bank Credit that will start
the reporting process for your business and place your business on all other lender’s radar.

As part of Bank Credit, in Step 6 we will be teaching you about the following:

    Bank Ratings - a strong business bank account rating indicates your business has the ability to re-
    pay loans, we will look at how banks rate your accounts.

    Business Cash – We provide you with access to many unique funding programs that can bring
    quick cash to your business.

    Personal Cash - Here we show you some creative programs for accessing personal cash that can
    then be used in your business.

    One Bank Loan - We will detail why your business needs a bank loan that reports to the business
    credit agencies, exactly how to go about obtaining it and which banks to go to.

    Which Banks – We provide you with a detailed list of banks that our business members before you
    have reported as successfully doing to one bank loan program and that we have verified report to the
    business credit agencies. Many banks that offer business credit cards and business loans either do
    not report to the business credit agencies or worse they only report on your personal credit.




By just relying on this free workbook you’ll have to research how to get Step 6 completed and
obtain one bank loan that reports to the national agencies on your own. Or for a low one-time fee
at BusinessFinanceCoach.com we show you exactly how to do it and where.




                                                     10