



                         Credit
                       Millionaire
                 How You Can Gain Access to
                  Millions of Dollars in Other
                 People’s Money to Build Your
                     Own Massive Wealth
                               Written By:
                            Bill Harris




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved             Page 1




           Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION
      My Story                                  3
CHAPTER 1
      It All Starts with Personal Credit        11
CHAPTER 2
      Getting Access to Your Reports            17
CHAPTER 3
      The Dispute Letters                       23
CHAPTER 4
      Fighting Creditors                        34
CHAPTER 5
      Beginning Business Credit Building        40
CHAPTER 6
      Quick and Easy Business Credit Building   45
CHAPTER 7
      Ideas for Wealth-Building with Credit     54
CHAPTER 8
      Secrets of DNB                            69
CHAPTER 9
      Getting and Using Credit                  80




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                 Page 2



                          Introduction
        “Action is the foundational key to all success.”
                               Pablo Picasso

There’s a little piece of plastic in your wallet right now that can
make you rich beyond your wildest dreams. And the more of
these little pieces of plastic you have, the richer you’re about to
become. (And if you don’t have any, I’m about to show you a
secret on getting a lot of them as fast as possible, even if you
don’t have good credit.)
          You may have noticed the check at the top; it’s called a
“convenience check.” You may have seen them before. And
what’s amazing about these checks is that you can write them
out for obscene amounts of money – to use for whatever you
need – to pay your creditors directly or to deposit right into your
bank account. And these checks are readily available through
credit card companies like American Express, Citibank, Capital
One, and Chase just to name a few.
          Now you might be thinking, “Hold on there! I don’t
have that kind of credit worthiness. I don’t even have a high
enough credit score to finance a pack of gum. How can I qualify
to get checks for that kind of money?”
          The answer is simple: You have purposely been left out
of a little secret that was only meant to be a credit “loophole” for
the ultra-rich, super wealthy, and elite. And I’ll explain in a
minute what that credit loophole is. But…
          Before I get into this loophole and how anyone
(including you) can use this secret to tap into virtually unlimited
amounts of unsecured credit – even if you have poor credit right
now – I’d like to introduce myself.
          My name is Bill Harris and it wasn’t but a short time ago
when I found myself up a creek without a paddle. I had lost
everything in the crash of 2008, including my house, and found


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 3


myself in bankruptcy court after I lost my business because the
economy went to hell in a handbasket.
         To make matters worse, I couldn’t even qualify for a
“beater mobile” at a shady corner used car lot because my credit
was so bad. Yes, I was rejected for a loan…even at a laughable
29.9% interest rate on a overpriced used 13-year-old Toyota
Corolla. Believe it or not, it wasn’t that long ago when I
couldn’t even qualify for a piece of junk car!
I thought I was completely ruined until late one night I was
watching an infomercial about a guy who was talking about a
special kind of credit…a kind of credit that ANYBODY could
qualify for as long as they had a Social Security Number. I sat
there thinking to myself, “How could I have never known about
this before?” And then thinking, “Is this legit? Is this legal?”
         But for only $39.95, it was worth it for me to find out.
So, I called the toll-free number, ordered their set of books and a
couple of CDs, and I devoured every morsel of that package the
second it arrived. So…what were the results?
         The materials I got were just okay. As you probably
already know, a lot of that garbage you buy from late-night
informercials are ususally greatly lacking in the nitty-gritty
needed to make something successfully work. And without
those important puzzle pieces including where to get the money,
it makes the whole thing useless.
But I got hooked on the basic concept of what it was about
because the whole thing was fairly simple. Let me explain.

  I Cracked “The Code” on Getting Almost Unlimited
Amounts of Cash and You Can Too Once You Discover This
                        Secret

        There are smart men and women all over the country just
like you who are taking advantage of a secret credit loophole
and, once you discover this secret too, you’ll be able to start
accessing this kind of unsecured cash almost overnight.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 4


         So…what is this credit secret “loophole” that anyone –
including you – can access right away?
Between the junky infomercial course I bought and my business
experience, I put two and two together. Here’s how: After I lost
my business, one of the things I was able to keep from that
business were two of my corporate business credit cards. Even
when I had to file for bankruptcy, I still got to keep those two
credit cards and I still have them to this day. One was an
American Express card and the other, a US Bank credit card.
And yes, I was allowed to keep both of them even though my
personal credit was completely trashed. This is because my
personal bankruptcy had nothing to do with my corporation.
         Back then I knew a little bit about this “secret loophole”
which was exclusively designed only for the rich, elite, and well-
connected. It’s called the corporate credit loophole. And while
you might immediately think it’s only for those who own large
corporations, nothing could be further from the truth. In fact,
right now, if you don’t have a business to do this, you can still
tap into corporate or business credit…and I’d like to show you
how.
         But first, I’d like to reveal a single mind-blowing fact…

 Banks Will Give 10 Times or More in Unsecured Credit to a
   Business or Corporation Rather Than to an Individual

          It wasn’t too long ago when I did this “experiment.” I
happened to receive a credit card pre-approval letter in the mail
from Bank of America. They said that I was “pre-approved” for
a personal credit card and all I had to do was sign and mail in the
application and they’d approve me, mail me the card, and I’d
have another credit card in my wallet.
          I didn’t do anything with the application right away. I
just left it on my dining room table and didn’t think about it
again until I got another pre-approved credit card application in
the mail from the same bank…Bank of America. But this time,
this pre-approval was for my old business. Yes, I still had my


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 5


company name even though I wasn’t operating the business
anymore. So, on a whim, I decided to mail in both applications
on the same day just to see what would happen. I mailed in the
personal credit card pre-approval application and the business
credit card pre-approval application, both issued by Bank of
America. And guess what happened?
         A few weeks later, I got both credit cards in the mail in
separate envelopes. Yes, I was approved for both. But there was
a suprising difference between the two cards (aside from the
different color and “look” of each card) and it was this…
         They gave me
only $5,000 in
unsecured credit for my
personal unsecured
credit card.
But for my business…

They Gave Me a Whopping $50,000 in Unsecured Credit for
   My Corporation…a Business I Wasn’t Even Actively
                Operating or Running!

        I was shocked! Fifty thousand dollars in unsecured
credit? Just for signing and mailing in the pre-approval
application? This was crazy…but this is what prompted me to
go back to all the stuff I was researching on corporate or
business credit. And here’s what I discovered…

Banks and Lenders Will ALWAYS Give Much More Money
     to a Business Than to An Individual…ALWAYS!

         Why is this? Because banks and lenders realize that
most businesses and corporations need things to keep their
businesses going including buying inventory, services, and other
things to keep their businesses running. And since most people’s
businesses are their main sources of income, banks and lenders
feel more confident and secure in lending much larger lines of


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                         Page 6


credit to corporations…because they believe their resonably
assured that these business owners will use this credit to further
their business activites to grow their profits to, in turn, pay back
the credit that was borrowed from these banks.
         Plus…since companies do use the unsecured credit for
things needed to operate their businesses, banks and lenders
believe that the money they are lending is being used for
necessities to grow their profits and not for anything frivilous or
risky.
         On the flipside, when they approve a personal credit card
or line of credit, they realize that the unsecured credit is likely
going to be used for luxury or impractical purchases from
vacations to big screen TVs. These kinds of purchases increases
the bank’s lending “assessment,” putting it into the highest risk
threshold which is why they, by default, drastically minimize the
amount of available credit they will issue to you on a personal
level, even if you do have a high personal credit FICO score.
         So, the only way to access hundreds of thousands of
dollars in unsecured credit virtually overnight is to have a
corporation or business. But…

 What If You Don’t Have a Business? Can You Still Qualify
                to Get Corporate Credit?

         Yes, you can! You don’t have to have an operating or
functional business. You just have to have a business. And you
can get one in about 48 hours in most cases. Sometimes a little
longer. Once you have a corporation, you can then start
applying for business credit cards right away!
         This is the beauty of this whole thing. You see, each
credit card can be worth anywhere from $25,000 to $50,000
right off the bat. I’ve even gotten some credit cards that
approved me for $100,000 right away even with a brand new
corporation!
         And here’s another secret: if you apply for all of these
credit cards at the exact same time (which is only possible when


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 7


applying online), you’ll be able to get anywhere from 5 to 10
credit cards, each worth up to $50,000 each! Imagine getting 10
business credit cards all at once, each worth $50,000, within the
next couple of weeks! That means you’d have access to
$500,000 in unsecured credit right away! How amazing is that??
In case you don’t know the reality of how the world works,
here’s the hard truth: You need money to make money. And if
you don’t have two nickels to rub together, you’ll never get rich.
You’ll never have the opportunities you need to become rich.
But…if you once you understand how to pull strings to access
OPM, the world becomes your oyster virtually overnight!

   The Sky’s the Limit in How You Can Use OPM to Build
      Wealth For Yourself and Live Your Dream Life

         Maybe you’re not interested in real estate. And that’s
okay. The good news is that there are hundreds of ways to be
able to build wealth using OPM or Other People’s Money.
         You can also start living your dream life too. Not only
can you start or buy a business, you can buy real estate, invest in
stocks, and you can even buy/lease vehicles too.
         In most instances you can get credit cards and lines of
credit, each worth $25,000 or more! Get multiple credit cards
and lines of credit giving you instant access to upwards of
$500,000 right off the bat! What would you do with this kind of
money?
         Just to give you an idea of what’s possible, here’s what I
did in the first couple of months right after I discovered this
secret “credit loophole”:
✓        Got 4 business credit cards, two with $25,000 credit
lines and two with $50,000 credit lines (totaling $150,000)
✓        Got 3 business lines of credit, one for $10,000, one for
$25,000, and one for $75,000 (totaling $110,000)
✓        Bought a Lexus LX600 (worth $108,000)




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 8


✓       Bought a 62-unit apartment building (total purchase
price: $4.2 million) which now gives me a $28,000 monthly
cash flow
✓       Bought 8 Airbnb condos on the beach (total purchase
price: $4.32 million) which now gives me a $19,000 monthly
cash flow
✓       Bought an automated car wash (total purchase price:
$1.48 million) which now gives me a $34,000 monthly cash
flow
         I’m not telling you any of this to impress you. I’m
simply trying to show you what is possible – the kinds of
financial opportunities that you’ll instantly have available to you
– once you have access to virtually unlimited funds that you can
use for anything you want, ideally to use to make yourself lots of
money!

    Imagine What YOU Can Do With Virtually Unlimited
            Unsecured Cash at Your Fingertips!
         Do you really know what it means to have access to
UNLIMITED amounts of cash at your fingertips? And how
quickly your entire life can change when you finally have this
kind of access to cash?
         * You could become a real estate millionaire, getting
100% of the cash you need to close on cash flowing real estate
deals.
* You could purchase inventory from places like Alibaba.com
and resell these highly profitable wholesale products for retail
prices on websites like Amazon, eBay, and others.
* You can buy and sell used cars for big profits.
* You could buy an existing cash flowing business.
* You could start any business you’ve ever wanted to start from3
scratch.
The sky is truly the limit in what you can do and how rich you
can become with this kind of unsecured cash on hand.


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                          Page 9


         Here’s the type of virtually instant unsecured credit
access you can get right away by simply starting a business
credit profile:
•        Unsecured credit cards with credit limits ranging from
$10,000 to $100,000 right away
•        Unsecured lines of credit ranging from $25,000 to
$500,000 and eventually you can qualify for a $1,000,000
unsecured line of credit
•        Leased luxury cars under your business…a Mercedes-
Benz, BMW, Lexus, Bentley, Ferarri…or whatever you’d like!
And at the same time, you will be:
•       Protecting your personal credit profile
•       Keeping your personal financials affairs private
•       Protecting your personal property and assets
And You Can Start Accessing This Unsecured Credit Even If
           You Have Bad Credit Right Now

         So, you’re probably wondering… “Is getting this kind of
credit possible for me? I don’t have perfect personal credit right
now and I don’t know if this can work for me.”
         The good news is that if you don’t have perfect credit,
don’t worry! Not only can I show you how to quickly fix your
personal credit – boosting your personal FICO score by hundreds
of points in just a few months – but I can also show you how you
can tap into business or corporate credit right away regardless of
your personal credit score.
         And even better…you can start accessing these larger
lines of unsecured credit right away!
         So, let me show you the exact steps you need to start
doing to be able to tap into this unsecured credit as soon as
possible.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                       Page 10



                          Chapter One
        It All Starts with Personal Credit


A
          lot has changed with credit since our near-banking
         collapse in late 2008. Since that time, banks have
         become very aware of who they lend money to and
how much they’ll lend, if anything at all.
        Back in the day, it was fairly doable to get a signature
loan for $10,000 or $20,000. You could even get personal
high credit limit credit cards “back then” which was only a
short time ago.
        Nowadays, after so many shifts and changes with the
economy, even those with the highest credit scores aren’t
able to get nearly as much unsecured credit as someone who
is applying for business credit. This is when I realized that,
perhaps, one should be going after unsecured business credit
rather than trying to get personal credit cards in this post-
recession new economic banking and lending environment.

      Where Your Personal “Mid” FICO Needs to Be

          Getting unsecured business credit starts first with
fixing and building your personal credit. In order to make
this work, you’ll need to get your personal mid-FICO score
over that 720-mark first and foremost. This is the most
essential ingredient in gaining access to untold amounts of
unsecured business credit.
          For those of you who don’t know what a FICO score
is, it’s an “overall score” (calculated with from the Fair Isaac
Corporation) which each of the 3 major credit bureaus will
use to evaluate your overall credit-worthiness.


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 11


         Your 3 credit bureaus are Experian, Equifax, and
Transunion. These are the “major players” in the world of
credit. Your “mid” FICO is the score that’s the middle
number of all 3 scores when you pull something called your
“tri-merge” credit report (or pulling all 3 credit reports at
once on one report). When pulling your credit reports, I
recommend going to www.Experian.com and choosing the
$39.95 option to gain access to all 3 of your credit reports at
once. You’ll also be able to view all 3 FICO scores as well.
         And yes, your entire process of fixing your personal
credit starts will pulling all 3 credit reports so pull your credit
as soon as you can. The sooner the better!

                   Why Credit is So Important

        In this book I'm going to go over briefly about how
you can take your poor credit score and turn it around within
the shortest period of time. The unfortunate thing is many of
us are not taught how to take care of our credit. Many of us
are not taught how credit works from an early age. Even
worse, as early as your late teens or early twenties you
probably found that because of this inexperience or lack of
information you get into trouble financially from a credit
standpoint.
        In fact, the only bit of relevant personal or business
advice my mother ever gave to me was this: “Take good care
of your credit.” And that was it. No advice on how to
exactly do that so essentially I had to figure it out by myself.
        No one really teaches us how to balance our credit
cards, balance our budget with credit cards, how to take care
of our credit and of course we are a credit dependent society.
If we have hopes of building wealth or using credit to build



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                        Page 12


wealth not to mention even to purchase a house or a car with
a low interest rate, we have to have outstanding credit.
        The good news is that because of the Great Recession
we only recently pulled out of, a lot of people's credit scores
had been drastically lowered. (Since we’re going into yet
another recession as I write this, statistics have already
shown that people are falling behind on credit obligations.)
Since foreclosures and bankruptcies stay on your credit for a
long time, as we pulled out of the last recession and we’re
diving into another one, most people never really recovered
from a credit standpoint and are still suffering from their
credit problems from before. Maybe this describes you too
whether you’re gone through a foreclosure, a bankruptcy, or
maybe you're on the verge of bankruptcy because of some
kind of financial turmoil in your life. Regardless of your
personal situation, we can improve it starting right now!
        That’s right. Whether it was or wasn’t your fault, it
can be fixed. You could have maybe lost your job or found
yourself in the hospital. Or sick for a time frame. Whatever
the reason we're going to start from Ground Zero right now.

                    How to Best Use This Book

        For the purposes of this book, I'm going to assume
you have the worst possible personal credit profile and we're
going to go from there. If you are in the process of a
bankruptcy, you do need to make sure that your bankruptcy
is discharged before you’ll be able to start the credit building
process. If you’re in the middle of a foreclosure, we do have
to make sure that the foreclosure is complete and that the
house is no longer in the process of being foreclosed on
before we can continue the credit building process. The



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 13


same goes for being in the middle of a bankruptcy as well.
Wait until it’s over with and then you can move forward.
        To move forward, I'm assuming then that we don’t
have any foreclosures or bankruptcies in process. Of course,
if you do then you’re going to wait until it’s finished. You
can read the rest of this book. But I recommend that after
you take notes, you don’t really implement anything until
after your bankruptcy or foreclosure is complete.
        Let’s move on and talk about how credit affects us,
what we need credit for, and other important things
surrounding credit before we start the process of showing
you how to build credit.
        I remember when I was offered my first credit card.
It was at the age of 18. I was attending a community college
at that time called Saddleback College in Mission Viejo,
California. On this college campus one day was a booth
from Cross Country Bank. I don’t know if you remember
that credit card. (They were later taken over by Applied
Bank.) And it was just a matter of filling out an application
right then and there and being approved for $500 instantly
with no proof of income or the need for a job.
        They knew that most college students did not have a
job, yet they were offering those credit cards to literally
anyone who applied. I think this is where the start of the
problem is. Of course, technically the start of the problem is
always at home but unfortunately a lot of our parents did not
have the proper knowledge or did not think it was important
enough to share with us information about how to manage
money or credit properly. And so for many of us, as a college
student, we’re not aware of how the whole process works
yet. Mainly this is because we’re not fully adults who have
existed in the world of adult economics yet.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 14


         Between this and not having parents that clued me in
on exactly how credit works and the importance of managing
credit properly, I found myself getting in trouble with credit
fairly early on.
         It’s very easy to get into trouble; couple this with
credit card companies trying to lure college students into
their system knowing that they had no income to pay the bills
that creates so many credit problems for so many young
adults today.
         I guess these credit card companies assume that the
parents will step in and pay bills in the event that the student
could not pay the bills because otherwise it just seems to me
a little on the irresponsible side for these credit card
companies to have a booth in a college.
         At this point, many our first understanding of credit
is easy to get and you quickly mismanaging and then of
course your interest rates going up because of the history of
mismanagement. I think the credit card system makes a lot
of money off of people that have mismanaged their funds
and I think that’s where the bulk of their money comes from.
The bulk of their money does not come from people who pay
their bills in full every month, the people with the 0.9% APR
who have the stellar credit.
         It’s the people who have the bad credit or poor
payment histories that pay the 29.9 % APR and that’s where
they make all of their money. So the entire thing is a
complete set up for failure from the beginning when they
start their booth soliciting college students who they know
have no job or no means to pay back the credit card to start
the process of your declining credit files.
         Now the responsibility ultimately is on your
shoulders, because you are the one who made the decision to
open up a credit card and something happened in your life

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 15


whether or not it was your fault, doesn’t matter at this point.
The credit card bills are not paid, the loan notes were not
paid. Things have progressed to the point where you do not
have good credit anymore.
         Even though some of the things that have happened
may have been out of your control, we do have control from
this point forward. The control starts with the understanding
of that you do need to understand how to manage your credit
properly and not to let it get out of control. That’s the key
you have to understand. As an adult now, in the adult world,
even though we were oblivious to how credit works, when
we started getting credit we certainly know how credit works
now and we do understand that taking a very tight control of
your credit is of the utmost importance.
         Knowing this information, we can now move
forward to the process of building your credit. If you’re in
the process of a bankruptcy you’re not going to be able to
start any of the steps that I'm going to talk about. If you’re
in the process of losing your home and it has not quite been
officially foreclosed on, you would not be in a position to
start the process of rebuilding your personal credit either but
you can still go through the process and take notes and as
soon as those things are done then we can start from ground
zero with you.
         In the meantime, something you can do right now is
start paying all of your bills on time including credit cards
and car payments. You should start doing this as you move
forward with the rest of the stuff I’ll be covering in this book.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 16



                         Chapter Two
   Getting Access to Your Credit Reports


A
          s you know the first thing you need to do is get your
         credit report. There are 3 credit reporting bureaus,
         Equifax, Experian and TransUnion. Experian used
to be TRW, that’s probably the top of the 3. The second
being TransUnion and the third being Equifax. The easiest
way to pull your credit report if you’re willing to pay a fee
is by going online, and I personally go through Experian and
then go to their website and they will pull all 3 credit reports
for a fee of $40 including all 3 FICO scores. The nice part
about pulling your credit report online is that you can start to
dispute all your items immediately online.
         By law you can ask for your free credit reports once
a year; you must do this in writing and no FICO scores are
provided when you receive your credit reports in the mail.
You can request your annual free credit reports by mailing a
letter including your name, address, phone number, date of
birth and Social Security Number to:

            Annual Credit Report Request Service
                     P.O. Box 105281
                 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281

        It will take within 30 days for you to get your credit
reports so you can start this process of disputing (since you
need your credit reports first to know what to dispute). I like
getting my credit reports online and paying the fee because
then not only can I look at everything immediately so I can
also start to dispute everything online immediately.


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 17


       Start Disputing EVERYTHING NEGATIVE

        Once you’re able to see all 3 credit reports from all 3
bureaus you’re then able to start the dispute process. I
recommend that you dispute everything that’s negative (or
“adverse”) on all 3 reports, even if you think that each
dispute will be futile because it is a valid reporting on a credit
account. So, for example, if you knew that you had a car
loan through GMAC, I’d suggest that you dispute the
delinquency anyway. You never know. It just may fall off
in the first “round” of disputes if they don’t have your sales
contract readily available for the credit bureaus when they
come knocking.
        Back a long time ago when I had a lot of
delinquencies from mismanaging my personal credit (due to
a divorce, a business bankruptcy, and other personal
problems at the time), I disputed everything that was
negative, regardless of whether it was valid or not and I was
able to get a lot of things off my credit from the dispute
process. Almost everything fell off eventually since I was
very consistent with the disputing process. (You can dispute
these items every 35 to 45 days IF they don’t come off.)

     Why Having Collection Agencies on Your Credit
               Report is AWESOME!

         The nice thing about disputing things from any kind
of credit collection agency is that they have to have the full
file of your account in their office for easy access to respond
to the credit bureau.
         When you dispute an account (stating that the
information is “inaccurate” or that it’s not your account), the
credit bureau sends out a letter to the collection agency (or

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                       Page 18


other creditor) demanding some kind of proof that the
account is yours and that it’s a valid collections account.
Most collection agencies DO NOT HAVE ANY
DOCUMENTATION of your original account from the
original creditor. Therefore, they then have to scramble to
try to get the documentation from the original creditor and
most of the time they cannot get it in the required 30-day
period that they must respond to the credit bureau’s request.
By their lack of response, the credit bureau is then legally
required to completely remove the account from your credit
report as if it never existed in the first place.
        For example, if you have a delinquency from
Arrowhead Water (now ReadyRefresh owned by Nestlé®)
for example, and ABC Collection Agency is collecting on
behalf of Arrowhead Water for, say, over $1,000. It’ll show
on your credit report that the account falls under ABC
Collection Agency on behalf of the original creditor of
Arrowhead Water. However, by law, only ONE company
can claim the delinquency at a time. (For instance, both
Arrowhead Water AND ABC Collection Agency cannot be
showing on your credit report at the same time as if they are
2 different accounts when they are reflecting the same
account number information and delinquency amount.)
        The benefit of disputing things that are put on your
credit reports by a collection agency is that when you go
through Experian, TransUnion or Equifax, and you say this
is an inaccurate reporting and demand verification of the
debt, the credit reporting bureau by law has to verify that it
is a correct posting on your credit report. As mentioned
before, they send out a letter to the collection agency asking
for verification of the debt. The collection agency has 30
days in which to provide that info to the credit bureau and if
they fail to provide info or accurate info then it is

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 19


automatically removed from your credit report. That’s really
how easy it is.
         That’s the nice part about if you have a lot of
collection agencies on your credit report, it’s relatively easy
to get them all removed because many (if not all) of them do
not have the right information on file about the original debt.
When one of the credit reporting bureaus sends the letter
requesting this information the collection agency usually
does not have accurate information or the original contract
or paperwork for the account. If they don’t have this
information, which many of them do not, then it’s very easy
to have the adverse account removed off your credit report.
         In order to start disputing all of your delinquent
accounts, your first order of business after you get all 3
reports. Once you do this, you need to start to dispute
everything immediately. It’s much easier to order your 3
credit reports online (using www.Experian.com) and you
can do what I call your first “round” of disputing right after
you gain online access to your credit reports.
         The process starts right with disputing every single
delinquent or adverse (negative) account you have on your
credit report. After your first set of disputes go out, within
30 days you'll get a new report back in the mail. It’ll say
what’s been removed and what’s been “updated” (or not
removed). Every single time your report is updated, you will
receive a new report in the mail. For example, if Equifax is
able to verify that the debt is, in fact, correct then they will
send you a new report showing this information did not
change.
         If something had changed on the report where
something was removed because it was not a debt that was
able to be verified then they will send you a new report at
that time showing that the account is gone. If they're trying

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 20


to verify several debts at once usually they will send an
update of the credit report every single time there is a change
or update. For example, if one thing had fallen off and they're
still investigating another account at the same time then
they'll send you an update of your credit report and then
when the new information comes in from the second one that
your disputing they'll send again another update as soon as
that’s complete.
         After you send in your first round of disputes, you
have to wait until the 30-day period has expired before
sending out your next round of disputes. This means that
every 35 to 35 days, you’ll start the whole process again until
every single delinquent account is updated or removed in
your favor.
         For example, if you have 3 delinquencies on, say,
your Equifax credit report, you will initially dispute every
single delinquency right off the bat with a letter that says
each account is “inaccurate” and needs to be removed as per
federal law. Once the verdict comes in about whether or not
they actually fell off your credit report, you will then file
another dispute.
         Usually your second dispute is not going to be online.
It’ll be via a letter that is mailed to their post office box on
record. Here’s a secret to use for higher effectiveness: since
your first round of disputes are the most effective in getting
the most possible delinquent accounts off your credit reports,
DO NOT do any online disputes. Do them all via “snail
mail” right off the bat. For some reason (and I have
suspicions as to why this is), mailed in disputes tend to fall
off more so than by doing online disputing.
         I have a series of letters that will help you in this
dispute process. You should use my example letters because
they are super powerful as far as actually getting things done

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 21


properly with the credit bureaus. For example delinquency
did not initially fall off then there's a series of letters that you
use to follow up with the delinquency every single time they
come back with something and you don’t stop until it
actually falls off.
        The process is a commitment process. I strongly
recommend that you build yourself a log for each credit
reporting bureau. One for Experian, Equifax and
TransUnion. You could build a graph or a table of every
single delinquency that you have and then what you could
do is every single time you dispute the delinquency
regardless whether it’s online or mail, you would then write
the date in that filed the dispute and wait at that point for
them to respond. You cannot do anything further until the
credit bureau tries to validate the debt and then respond.

                             Keeping a Log

         Once the bureaus respond back then you, keep a log
and write in the log what their response was including the
date you sent and received a letter. Then you do a follow up
letter at that point, you would then write that also in the log
under the same delinquency. It’s critical that you keep a log
because it’s very easy to just let the process go after the first
set of dispute letters you send out and it’s very easy to just
let go of the process after that. But you have to stay on the
process. Your log can be an Excel spreadsheet or a piece of
paper that you write all the details on. It doesn’t matter
which you use.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                         Page 22



                        Chapter Three
                     The Dispute Letters


Y         ou’re going to be constantly sending out letters in
          reference to disputing your adverse credit accounts.
          You have to make sure that when you dispute, you
cannot send a second letter with the same information on it
disputing that same delinquency.
         For example, say you had car repossession from Ford
Credit and it’s on your credit report showing this. Say your
initial dispute letter said that the account was not yours or
the account is inaccurate. Within 30 days they come back
saying Ford Credit furnished them with a contract and they
have validated the fact that this debt is true and correct.
         Your second letter is not going to be about how it’s
not your debt or that it’s an inaccurate debt otherwise you’ll
lose all credibility and the bureaus will stop investigating
your disputes altogether (even though legally they can’t).
You would have to actually further explain the situation in
your dispute. You can’t send out the same letter specifying
the same information because then they're just going to tell
you, “We're not going to further investigate this because you
offered us no new information in regarding why you believe
this debt is inaccurate.”
         The next letter that you state about the delinquency
has to include additional information as to what needs to be
investigated this time. To make this work, you have to use
the letters in a precise series. It is a process that has to be
done consistently in order to be able to get some of these
things removed off of your credit report.
         As I mentioned earlier, if you’re dealing with a credit
collection agency, it’s much easier to get those disputes

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 23


removed immediately because a lot of them do not have the
information about the original debt and if they're not able to
report back to the credit bureau regarding the information
and the delinquency within 30 days; this automatically
requires the bureaus to remove the delinquent account off
your credit report as if it never existed in the first place.
        Important note: ALWAYS dispute your delinquent
accounts with the credit bureaus FIRST before contacting
the creditor or collection agency. By contacting the creditor
or collection agency first will work in your disfavor because
it throws up the red flags, indicating that your next step will
be contacting the bureaus and it gives them adequate time to
find your original sales contracts and other legal information
needed to fight your dispute with the bureaus. This is why
you should ALWAYS file your initial set of disputes FIRST
with the CREDIT BUREAUS and NEVER initially with the
creditor or collection agency!

  You Get Your Credit Report, Highlight All of Your
  Delinquencies and You’re Ready to Start Disputing.
                   NOW WHAT??

        You send out your first set of letters. By “set” I’m
indicating that you will be sending out 3 letters, one letter for
each credit bureau: Experian, Equifax and Transunion.
(Typically all 3 bureaus will have the same credit reported
accounts that need to be disputed since most major creditors
and collection agencies will report to all 3 bureaus. Only
smaller creditors and collection agencies will report to 1 or
2 of the 3 bureaus.)
        Before we continue, let me give you the mailing
addresses to mail in your disputes for each of the 3 major
credit bureaus:

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 24


                                Experian
                             P.O. Box 4500
                            Allen, TX 75013

                               Equifax
                           P.O. Box 740256
                          Atlanta, GA 30348

                              Transunion
                            P.O. Box 2000
                          Chester, PA 19016

         Your Order of “Reasons” for Each Dispute

         Your very first dispute should state that the
information on your credit report is INACCURATE and
needs to be investigated immediately.
         On your second dispute, you can be bolder and
change your reason to THIS ACCOUNT IS NOT MINE or,
if it’s just a matter of taking off any delinquent payment
history on an account that is still open, you’d say something
like I’VE NEVER BEEN LATE. (This only applies to
OPEN accounts that you still are paying on; if the account is
closed or in collections, use the THIS ACCOUNT IS NOT
MINE route.) Remember, this is your SECOND letter if the
stuff doesn’t change on your credit reports from the first
letter.
         IMPORTANT TIP: If you have the time to write
your letters out by hand – even if it’s only for the first round
of letters – write them out BY HAND to get better results.
This requires a human being (instead of a machine or
computer) to go through your file at the bureau and



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 25


statistically more stuff will fall off using this strategy than
by using a neatly typed or printed letter.
         Here’s a sample of what your first letter would look
like:

[DATE]

[YOUR NAME]
[YOUR STREET ADDRESS]
[YOUR CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE]

Equifax Information Services LLC
PO Box 740256
Atlanta, GA 30374-0256

Attention Legal Department:

Recently, I received my credit report from your
company. After reviewing it, I found that the
information you are providing on some items contains
not only invalid and incomplete information, but both
inaccurate and incorrect information as well.

As you know, all incorrect and inaccurate information
MUST be IMMEDIATELY REMOVED from my credit
report. I attempted to contact the below creditor(s)
listed below and received NO response to my request.
As per federal law and the FDCPA, regulation under
the following 15 U.S.C. § 1792 et seq.15 U.S.C. § 1692g,
Validation of Debts, creditors are required to provide
this information within 30 days upon request or
release the invalidated debt information from my credit
report. I am including PROOF that each creditor
received the notification more than 30 days ago and
DID NOT respond nor did they remove the item(s)
listed on my credit report.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 26



Account Name: [NAME OF CREDITOR AS LISTED ON
CREDIT REPORT]

Type: Revolving - Account: [ACCOUNT NUMBER]

Amount: [AMOUNT OF DEBT BEING REPORTED]

I attempted to verify this debt and received NO
RESPONSE from the above company (see attached
proof of this verification.) According to FEDERAL
LAW, this creditor had 30 days from the date of my
request to validate the debt and they failed to provide
any information concerning this debt. This debt is
NOT mine and needs to be removed immediately from
my credit report.

If you ignore this request or provide an insufficient or
incomplete response I will have no other choice but to
contact my State Congressional Representative, who
will forward this matter promptly to the State Attorney
General and Federal Trade Commission for urgent
attention and please know that this letter of dispute is
now time stamped.

In the event that you continue to list the disputed item
on my credit report I will find it necessary to file suit
against your company for actual damages and punitive
damages under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Because
the Fair Credit Reporting Act provides concurrent
jurisdiction in federal and state courts, I shall elect to
use my residency county and state as jurisdiction to
bring appropriate action against your company.

While I prefer not to litigate, I will use the courts as
needed to enforce my rights under the Fair Credit


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                   Page 27


Reporting Act.

I have already filed complaints against the creditors
listed above with the Attorney General in their states
as well as with other pertinent and applicable law
enforcement entities.

I look forward to an uneventful resolution of this
matter.

Thank You in Advance,

[YOUR NAME]
Current Address: [YOUR CURRENT ADDRESS]
Previous Address: [YOUR PRIOR ADDRESS IF LESS
THAN 2 YEARS]
SSN# [YOUR SS #]
D.O.B. [YOUR DOB]

         You’ll notice that this first letter indicates that the
information is INACCURATE. The second letter will either
state that the account is NOT YOURS (if the account is
closed) or that you’ve NEVER BEEN LATE (if the account
is still open and active). You’ll have to pick one before
sending out your second letter which – as you recall – won’t
be until a good 35 to 45 days go by from the date you
dropped your first dispute in the mail.
         Always SIGN you dispute letters. Include any
addresses that you lived at within the past 2 years. To make
sure they do not delay the process, include a copy of your
driver’s license and 1 or 2 utility bills showing your name
and current address.
         During times like the holidays when the bureaus are
short-staffed, the bureaus will try tricks like rejecting your
dispute letter based on stating that it looks like a “fraudulent”

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 28


or fake letter from you and they’ll insist on wasting time in
the dispute process by demanding a copy of your driver’s
license and up to 2 utility bills showing your current address.
So, in order to cut through the chase, just include this stuff
with your first dispute letter to ensure that they don’t play
games with you during your first dispute letter round.
        Chances are you’ll have multiple accounts to dispute
at a time. Pile them all in one letter. You only have to send
ONE letter for all of your disputes with each bureau.
Remember, there are 3 bureaus so 3 letters total will go out
with each round of letters you mail.
        Once your letters go out, mark it down in your log –
include the date, the creditors you’re disputing against, and
an open space for the result you’ll receive in the mail – and
then just wait your 30 days. That’s all you can do on the
dispute process for now.

               The Results Are In…What’s Next?

         It’ll either show that each disputed account was
REMOVED or that it was UPDATED. Sometimes it’ll show
that it’s still under investigation if they’re waiting on
receiving paperwork from the creditor or collection agency
and the 30 days isn’t quite up yet.
         Removed means the account ceases to exist on your
credit report as if it never existed. This is great! This means
that the whole thing is gone.
         Updated means that they just “updated” the
information (which, in many cases, is exactly the same as it
was) and that they aren’t removing the account off your
credit report.
         Pending or still under investigation means that they
are still waiting.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 29


        Once the 30 days are up, it’s time to roll up your
sleeves for the second set of 3 letters (one for each bureau)
to dispute the negative accounts that have remained on your
credit. It’ll be within 35 to 45 days from the date you mailed
off your first set of letters for when your next set of letters
will be mailed.
        Your second set of letters may look something like
this:

[DATE]

[YOUR NAME]
[YOUR STREET ADDRESS]
[YOUR CITY/STATE/ZIP CODE]

[CREDIT BUREAU]
[BUREAU ADDRESS]
[BUREAU CITY/STATE/ZIP CODE]

RE: Investigation Not Done Properly

To Whom It May Concern;

It has come to my attention that on my credit report
you still have the following adverse account(s) listed
on my credit report:

NAME OF CREDITOR
PARTIAL ACCOUNT NUMBER (as shown on report)
AMOUNT OF DELIQUENCY

This/These is/are NOT my account(s).



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 30


Therefore, I need the following information from you:

✓       My signature showing that I approved/opened
this/these revolving credit account(s)
✓       My signature on receipt showing that
$[AMOUNT] worth of products/services authorized by
me for this/these account(s)

       If you cannot show me all of the above
information as requested, then please remove this
account from my credit report immediately. As
per federal law and the FDCPA, regulation under the
following 15 U.S.C. § 1792 et seq.15 U.S.C. § 1692g,
Validation of Debts, you are required to provide this
information within 30 days upon request or release
the invalidated debt information from my credit report.

Sincerely,


[YOUR NAME]
[YOUR SSN AND DOB]

        Another note, you can now send this SAME
LETTER to the creditor (just with the creditor’s name and
address information at the top of the page instead of the
credit bureaus’ address) at the same time as your second
round of letters goes out to the bureaus. However, when
sending this to the creditor or collection agency, make sure
that you send it via CERTIFIED MAIL. Make a copy of the
letter and wait until somebody SIGNS for the letter. The
USPS will mail back the green certified mail card to you


Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                  Page 31


showing the wet signature of someone at the creditor’s office
signing for your letter. (This will come in use later on.)

                          Disputing Inquiries

        There are two (2) types of inquiries: “hard” and
“soft” inquiries. A “hard” inquiry will take up to 2 FICO
points off your credit score. A “soft” inquiry takes 0 FICO
points off your credit score. You are only concerned with
“hard” inquiries because they chisel off 2 points per inquiry
and remain on your credit reports for 2 solid years.
        What is an inquiry? When you apply for credit –
whether it’s a credit card application or loan application –
your credit is pulled for the purposes of the lender or creditor
deciding if you’re credit worthy enough for them to offer
credit to you. This is a “hard” inquiry and, again, takes up
to 2 FICO points off your FICO score each time you apply
for something.
        A “soft” inquiry is a “pre-screened” credit offer that
you might receive in the mail to offer you a credit card or
loan. These DO NOT affect your FICO score and do not
have to be disputed to have them removed.
        Yes, you CAN dispute hard inquiries but ONLY
with Experian. And it needs to be in a SEPARATE
LETTER than with your adverse account dispute letters.
Transunion and Equifax won’t accept dispute letters for
hard inquiries and will refer you to disputing the inquiry
directly with the creditor that pulled your credit. You can
waste your time doing this…or not. That’s up to you. Just
disputing with Experian alone (which is the main credit
bureau above the others) would be enough to boost your
FICO to the point where you can gain some major FICO



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 32


points to get the FICO score you want which – in case your
forgot – needs to be at or above 720 (middle score).
        This is how it can benefit you to dispute your hard
inquiries with only Experian. Say your FICO scores look
like this:
                     Transunion – 682
                        Equifax – 668
                       Experian – 670

        You can see that your “mid” score is the one in the
middle or, in this example, 670. Say you have 10 disputes
removed from your Experian credit report, giving you 20
points immediately. This will BOOST your Experian FICO
to 690. You immediately have a higher “mid” score because
it’s now 682 instead of 670! This is huge because many
creditors will base credit decisions on your “mid” score and,
by ONLY working with getting the inquiries off just your
Experian report, you change your mid-FICO score without
doing anything with the inquiries on the other 2 credit
reports.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                   Page 33



                         Chapter Four
                      Fighting Creditors


A
         s I mentioned in the last chapter, in your second
         round of letters to the credit bureaus, you can start
         sending dispute letters to the creditors or collection
agencies that have remained as negative accounts on your
credit reports.
        The critical part of this is to NOT be a cheap skate
and to actually send out a certified letter to the actual creditor
or the credit collection agency. You’ll state that you do not
believe the account is your debt and that you need proof that
it’s your debt. You demand that they send you proof of the
debt within a 30 day time frame as per the law.
        There’s a reason that you send this CERTIFIED
instead of signature confirmation: I actually don’t like to do
the electronic signature. I like to get the one that has the
green card that comes back to me in the mail so I have a wet
signature on a card. A copy of this green card along with a
copy of the letter sent in the envelope WILL go to the credit
bureau at a later time.
        If the creditor does not respond within the 30 day
time frame, you take the letter and a copy of the green card
that you received in the mail with their signature on it and
you send mail that to the credit bureau. This will be on a
separate letter that will NOT include any other disputes or
credit accounts on it except for the one that you have shown
on the green certified card with the wet signature.
        In the letter to the credit bureau, you simply state that
you send the demand letter to the creditor or collection
agency (and inform them to “see attached” for proof of this)
and they DID NOT RESPOND, as per what the law requires.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                       Page 34


         But what if they DID respond? Here’s the part that
most people don’t know. When the creditor responds,
99.99% of the time it’s via REGULAR MAIL with no
signature requirement or confirmation. So…who is to say
that you ever received it at all? After all, maybe it got “lost”
in the mail or mis-delivered to your neighbor’s house by
accident. Right? Bottom line: you tell the credit bureau that
NOTHING WAS EVER RECEIVED and you mail the
dispute letter with the proof of your certified mail receipt
anyway!
         If you think about it anybody could write a letter
saying, “Yeah, Joe Blow owes me $3,000 but there's no sales
contract and there's no proof that Joe Blow actually had an
account or authorized an account be opened at any point in
the past.” This is why it becomes YOUR job – when the
credit reporting bureau comes back, refusing to remove the
delinquency off your credit report – to make your next step
is to then send a certified letter directly to the person or
company posting the delinquency on your report with the
letter I had outlined about how you do not believe this is your
account and/or the account details are inaccurate therefore
please send proof that it is your account. They're required to
respond within 30 days by law.
         Many of them will not respond or they will not
respond with the proper documentation. (I’ve had some
creditors respond with an “invoice” or something equally as
irrelevant and “not legal” as far as a contract goes.) You then
go back to the credit reporting agency at this point and you
send them a copy of the green card that you received with
their signature and a copy of the letter, with the new letter to
the credit reporting bureau stating that they refused to
respond to your request. (You never mention that you
received anything at all no matter WHAT you actually

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 35


received.) What will usually happen is sometimes the credit
reporting bureau will remove it from your report instantly
without any further follow up to the delinquency posting
company. Most of the time they will send a new letter to the
credit company asking them further details about your so-
called credit collections account.

 What About Attempting to Remove a Bankruptcy Off
                the Credit Reports?

        After two years, there is a possibility that you can try
to have your bankruptcy removed. It is the same process as
you would use for having any other delinquency removed.
You state that there is an inaccurate reporting on your credit
report. By law the credit reporting bureau does have to go
to the county where your bankruptcy was recorded and ask
for the documentation. If they fail to provide the
documentation then it will come off your credit report.
        You can also try to do the same process yourself by
asking the county to provide proof that you had filed a
bankruptcy in your county because you believe the
information is inaccurate. And you do the same thing with
the certified letter requesting that they sign for your letter
and requesting for the information showing that proof of
your bankruptcy. Some counties will not be able to provide
the information because a lot of times certain documents go
on microfiche after 2 or 3 years and they do not have access
to the documents and cannot provide them to you or the
credit reporting bureau then it does come off your credit
report.
        To have a bankruptcy removed from your credit
reports is a very rare thing. It doesn’t happen all the time but
it does happen once in awhile. (You won’t know unless you

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 36


try.) When people do file a dispute against their bankruptcy
there is a possibility to have it removed, I would say 10 %
(or less) of the time provided that it’s been discharged for 2
years or more. If you try to dispute it earlier than 2 years,
the chances are you’re not going to be successful with having
it removed.
         A lot of people don’t even try to get their bankruptcy
removed because they don’t believe that they can but there
is a always a chance, especially if your bankruptcy was filed
in a county that isn’t really sophisticated with a lot of
computers or was a small kind of town that weren't very
good with records.
         Why wait 2 years? Because this is the typical
timeframe in which counties will “purge” their records off-
property (and OUT of the courthouse) which gives you a
distinct advantage when the bureaus send them a letter and
the records are no longer there. (The records are usually in
a computer system by then.)
         What if you don’t get the bankruptcy removed? It
doesn’t matter. Many “second chance” companies will offer
you credit almost immediately after your bankruptcy is
discharged with the court. Take them up on their offers to
start rebuilding your credit.
         The rest of the “work” with the bankruptcy – aside
from rebuilding your credit and paying ALL of your bills on
time – is letting time distance the bankruptcy as it falls into
your past. After about 5 years, the bankruptcy won’t affect
you as much as you think. When my bankruptcy fell off at
the 10-year mark, I was disappointed to find that my FICO
didn’t go up that much – maybe 15 to 20 points maximum –
because I had done so much work to that point to rebuild my
credit with new credit accounts; it turned out that my
bankruptcy wasn’t affecting my credit much at all anymore.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 37


How Many Delinquent/Adverse/Negative Accounts Can
 You Expect to Have REMOVED From Your Credit
                    Reports?

         Right off the bat, you’re probably going to get about
30% to 50% of the negative accounts and hard inquiries
removed just for the asking. (Please note that, again, only
Experian will remove inquiries upon request.)
         Another thing: make sure all your personal and
contact information is up to date on your credit report. If
there are bad phone numbers, if there are additional social
security numbers that were never yours that were reported,
or if there is any other inaccurate information (including
bogus or old addresses), make sure all of that stuff is updated
and removed by sending a separate letter (than the dispute
letters). If there are addresses that are over ten years old,
have them removed as well. If you’re a woman, married,
and notice that your former name(s) still appear after 10
years, have this information updated as well.
         Make sure that everything is updated, especially
your phone numbers, because many times the bureaus will
put a “security freeze” on your credit reports while they’re
investigating your dispute claims. (And you should
REQUEST that they keep the freeze on for as long as
possible because this STOPS creditors from causing further
damage to your credit reports during this time.) By having
an accurate home address and phone numbers (including
home and cell phone), it allows for your to circumvent the
security freeze when applying for credit. However, if your
phone numbers are all wrong, when applying for credit, the
credit bureaus will refuse to release your credit report to the
inquiring creditor. This won’t help you rebuild credit if you



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 38


can’t get credit. So, again, make sure your information is up
to date at all time!

    “This All Sounds Complicated; Should I Just PAY
        Somebody Else to Do All This FOR Me?”

        Just begin with the process, stick with the process, do
the process over and over again. And keep a log of your
progress. Do not pay another company to do this for you
because you can do all of this yourself. You are fully capable
of doing this yourself because it’s so easy to do.
        Out of all the courses, systems, books, and seminar
topics I’ve covered over the past 15 years, THIS ONE (the
topic of credit) has yielded the highest success rate among
my students because it’s so freaking EASY to do. If you
think you can’t do it, change your mindset and thing again.
YOU CAN DO THIS! Guaranteed!

                  Additional Resources for You

         For a powerful complete system that can help you
use unorthodox and “barely legal” credit secrets to help get
you over that 720 mid-FICO score as quickly as possible,
check out my website at www.RebuildPersonalCredit.com.
         We also offer a credit repair service but on a case-by-
case basis ONLY. You’d have to call our office at 661-295-
5050 to find out if you can sign up for the service. We only
offer new openings for new credit files a couple of times per
year to make sure we keep our case file load down to offer
the best possible service to our students whose files we’re
working on. If we cannot take your file, don’t worry. Visit
the website above and you’ll know exactly how to create
stellar personal credit on your own within no time at all!

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 39



                         Chapter Five
      Beginning Business Credit Building


A
          lot of people have some confusion about the
         difference between personal and corporate or
         business credit. The problem with personal credit is
that no matter how perfect your credit score you’ll be
severely LIMITED to the amount of credit you’ll have
access to.
         The bottom line is that if you want to see “the big
time” or if you want to establish long-term or huge amounts
of wealth, you MUST have access to unsecured business
credit…and LOTS of it!
        Establishing ONLY personal credit is fine if you just
want to get a decent car at a great interest rate or if you want
to purchase your own house to live in. But that’s about it.
        If you have any aspirations as an entrepreneur to
become either a real estate investor to purchase apartment
buildings or commercial retail storefronts…or if you want to
get a business line of credit for maybe an Internet business
you want to get started or a different type of business, you
MUST have solid unsecured business credit.
        Maybe you always dreamed of starting a clothing
line but you can’t get a business loan for it because you
didn’t know the steps ahead of time to take to build business
credit in the first place. Who knew that it was required to
build business credit long before you started a business?
        Reality is, personal credit can’t take you where you
want to go if you want to become an entrepreneur or if you
want to become a huge real estate investor. In fact, a lot of
people who have experienced investing in real estate know
that personal credit can only take you so far. If you have an

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 40


800+ FICO score and you are trying to purchase a bunch of
apartment buildings or even single-family residences
(SFRs), you’ll quickly notice that by your 4th or 5th property,
the banks will stop lending you money on your personal
credit. You’ll “hit a wall.” And it doesn’t even matter if you
have a perfect personal credit score because your debt to
income ratio will be a lot lower, disallowing you to qualify
for anymore property acquisitions.
         Bottom line: even if you have perfect A+++ credit,
your opportunities are still quite limited if you want to seize
all of the fiscal entrepreneurial opportunities that are out
there for you to build optimal wealth.
         For instance, say you’d like to acquire a lot of
apartment buildings or maybe you want to start a business
and you need a start-up loan. You will want a business line
of credit (BLOC). Maybe you’ll want to lease a building or
a warehouse for your business. You need business credit for
that, too.
         In fact, if you use your personal credit for any kind
of business matters including purchasing real estate or trying
to get a business loan, this is considered completely foolish
on your part and you should stop doing that. If you have
good perfect credit, you should not be getting business loans
or real estate with that credit. You should be getting separate
business lines of credit in order to be able to make those
purchases.

         What If You Have Bad Personal Credit?
       Can You Start Building Business Credit Yet?

        If you have bad personal credit, start fixing it. Start
rebuilding it with new credit cards and perhaps an auto loan
or lease. Even if you have to get a secured credit card to start

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 41


rebuilding, so be it. Get a secured credit card. It only takes
a few months to fix and rebuild your credit by following
what I mentioned in prior chapters.
        Corporate credit is a little bit different. Banks look
at corporate credit differently than they do personal credit
because personal credit is looked at as an individual having
to pay off a balance of some kind based on a frivolous
personal purchase. For example, if you get a personal credit
card and your unsecured credit limit is $5,000, the bank that
issues the credit card is looking at you as an individual who
is getting this credit card and they are looking at you as an
individual who has a job in which you derive an income to
use to pay off any charges on the card. Can you pay off the
credit card balance? Do you have enough money coming in?
What if you over-extend yourself when you only have a
fixed personal income?
        When you are applying for a credit card as a
business, you have a different necessity level. Not only are
you NOT looked at as a personal individual who is getting a
credit card for the purchase of personal items with the card,
the bank looks at the application differently as a corporation
or business applying. They look at you as someone who is
going to be buying business items with the credit card such
as marketing, inventory, or other things to ultimately be used
to generate business proceeds.
        Not only will your unsecured business credit card
typically start off with a credit limit of usually a minimum
of $10,000 but if you happen to have the crappiest worst
personal credit profile, you can still establish clean, really
good, solid business credit within about 90 days by working
at it.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 42


       For larger unsecured credit limits, this will usually
take about 6 months to qualify for $20,000 to $50,000
unsecured business credit card limits.
       You can also qualify for these business lines of credit
or BLOCs. These are revolving lines of credit. You can also
use your business credit to qualify for real estate loans,
commercial real estate loans, and it is a different ball game.
       At this point you will be playing the ball game on the
same level as these multimillionaires and multibillionaires
who are utilizing these same credit techniques. And so you
can get wealthy using other people’s money which is the
whole goal.

          What is Your Wealth-Building Strategy?

         I don’t know what your overall wealth-building
strategy is. I don’t know if it is to buy real estate or if it is to
buy a business or start a business from scratch. Or maybe
it’s to start an Internet business or start a clothing line.
Whatever your goals are, you can get rich by using other
people’s money or OPM.
         People like Donald Trump and people that are multi-
multibillionaires and multimillionaires also have gotten as
rich as they are by using other people’s money. Do you think
that when Donald Trump is looking at a piece of real estate
– do you think he is writing a check out of his business or
personal checking account to pay for that piece of real
estate? The answer is no. Hell no! In fact, I don’t even think
he puts in a down payment down using his own funds. If he
does, it’s very bare minimal becaues he usually uses partners
and using OPM. He uses his business credit profile and his
reputation.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                         Page 43


        Donald Trump, as you know, has filed for
bankruptcy several times and yet he is still able to tap into
these powerful business credit secrets because he knows the
ropes. He knows how the whole thing works. Just because
you are a little guy out there in the world doesn’t mean that
you shouldn’t know or use these secrets because you can tap
in on building wealth through OPM.
        I do recommend that you start this entire process with
an end-goal in mind with a streamlined plan in how you plan
on using OPM for wealth-building. You don’t have to know
absolutely everything you’ll be using the funds for right off
the bat but you need an initial plan in how you will start to
use this OPM to begin your wealth-building journey.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 44



                          Chapter Six
Quick and Easy Business Credit Building


Y        ears ago you had to use Dun & Bradstreet (DNB) to
         build business credit. I always thought this was a
         sucky system because after the 1980s, DNB became
a sketchy company at best. They went from being a highly
respected cornerstone of the business credit world to a
shyster operation demanding money from small business
owners in exchange for allowing them to build their own
credit profile using the DNB system.
        I always hated using DNB and found myself
frequently muttering to myself, “Why can’t the business
credit system be just like personal credit where the credit
profile is built automatically by just using credit? And the
way it would be reported would be just the same as with
personal credit: through the company’s ‘Social Security
Number’ or the company EIN (Employer Identification
Number)?”
        And almost as if the gods heard me, Experian
Business suddenly became a major player in the business
credit building community, pretty much forcing DNB out on
what we call “short credit” (or getting smaller credit
amounts).
        Unfortunately, DNB seems to still be a major (and
required) player when it comes to gaining access to what we
call “large credit,” namely in the form of BLOCs (business
lines of credit), especially if you’re looking for unsecured
amounts of money in the low- to mid-6 figures or higher.
        For the purposes of THIS conversation, let’s focus
on the “quick-and-easy” route to business credit which is
why we’ll be focusing on Experian Business.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                  Page 45


 Experian Business and How It Can Change Your Life

         As briefly mentioned, Experian Business reports are
built through the USE of credit and reported much the same
as your personal credit is reported except using your
company EIN. All new companies (including a sole
proprietorship, LLC, or corporation) need to apply for an
EIN through the IRS.gov website once their business
documents come in. This is, again, equivalent to your
personal Social Security Number and this is how your
business will build its own credit via the Experian Business
system.
         In case you didn’t read between the lines, you’ll have
to form a corporation to start building business credit. I
never recommend that anyone function as a sole
proprietorship because it opens you up to personal legal
liability which you can easily avoid by simply spending a
couple hundred dollars to form a corporation. (I recommend
a service called Amerilawyer at www.Amerilawyer.com to
form your corporation. They don’t form in all 50 states but
if you happen to be in California, Nevada, Arizona, Illinois,
Georgia, Florida, New Jersey, New York, or Delaware then
I strongly recommend that you use this service. ALWAYS
form your corporation in your HOME state and not
anywhere else to be fully compliant with all government
agencies.)
         The company that forms your corporation can also
get you an EIN for a modest fee between $35 to $50. But
can save this money by simply going to the IRS.gov website,
typing in “EIN online” in the IRS search bar, and getting the
EIN instantly. Yes, you MUST have your corporate
documents FIRST before doing this. And yes, you must be
at a computer that’s attached to a printer so you can print out

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 46


your EIN (since you’ll need it later if you want to open a
business bank account).
        And finally, all corporations are “born” as C
corporations automatically (unless you are filing an LLC).
In order to NOT be subject to double-taxation laws, it’s best
to change your C corporation to an S corporation. Once you
receive your corporate resolution paperwork and your EIN,
you can then go to the IRS.gov website, type “form 2553”
into their search bar, and follow their instructions on filling
out the form. Fax or mail it into the IRS as per their
instructions. This will change your corporation to an S
corporation where the profit “flow-down” will come to you
at your personal income tax level 100% (instead of the
corporation being taxed first on profits and THEN you get
the remaining balance).

       But…What About Forming an LLC Instead?

         I don’t know how or why people are so hell-bent on
forming an LLC when you can and should ONLY form an
LLC if you have a PHYSICAL business partner to operate
your business with you. And even then, it’s still not
recommended and I’ll explain why.
         First of all, the IRS has changed the rules on what
was referred to as a “single-member” LLC. It used to be that
you could form an LLC with only one member (you) on the
filed paperwork. While many states still allow for the filing
of a single-member LLC, the IRS no longer will accept tax
returns on single-member filings. So, unless you want to get
a nice little letter from the IRS demanding that you (a) add a
partner to your LLC to make it a legal LLC entity, or (b)
change the entity to a corporation, you may just want to form



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 47


an S corporation and be done with it. They do, after all,
afford the exact same corporate veil protections.
        So, say you do have a business partner or spouse that
you want to be part of the business. Shouldn’t you then file
as an LLC? I don’t recommend it. Here’s why: when going
for bigger loans such as real estate mortgages, all lenders
require that ALL partners on the LLC have their credit pulled
AND they must ALL end up on the loan. When doing a lot
of smaller properties under the “recourse loan” structure
(where the loan ends up on your personal credit report),
you’ll “hit a wall” after your 5th to 7th property because you’ll
have too many loans under your person. So, if you are in
this with a partner, you’ll BOTH hit the wall at the same
time.
        However, if YOU have your OWN corporation and
your spouse has his OWN corporation, you’ll get your loans
separately for your real estate deals and you’ll be able to get
DOUBLE the amount of property deals because you won’t
be on any loans together. Make sense?

          But…Your Property Deals Will Be LLCs
              So…How Does THAT Work?

        Your real estate deals will all be in LLCs formed in
the state in which the property deal is located. The reason
this works is because YOU are ONE ENTITY on your real
estate LLC and YOUR COMPANY (in which you use to
build your business credit) is the OTHER ENTITY on the
LLC. Yes, a company is a legal entity just like any other
breathing human being and CAN be a partner on an LLC.
        This is how you will use your business credit to help
get loans on real estate property deals. You will kick in your
personal credit (because it is, after all, great since you fixed

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 48


and rebuilt it, right?) and your “umbrella” corporation that
you started building business credit with will ALSO kick in
its credit to help get the best possible mortgage interest rates
on your mortgages for your cash flowing investment
property deals.

     How to Start Getting Unsecured Business Credit

        Now that we covered some of the basics, we can now
talk about how to gain access to unsecured business credit,
namely using the Experian Business credit-building system.
        Once you get your mid-FICO at least OVER 700
then you can start applying for unsecured business credit
cards. You’ll hit websites such as American Express and
Chase Ink to apply for business credit cards. Perhaps easiest,
go to Costco and apply for the Citibank Visa business credit
card on the spot. They tend to be a little more lenient
because they are working with Costco.
        I also recommend that you start a business checking
account at Bank of America. Then while opening your
account, apply for the unsecured business credit card that
they offer.
        Once you get a few business credit cards, START
USING THEM. The more you use them, the more the
activity is reported to Experian Business. It begins building
your business credit profile AUTOMATICALLY simply by
USING and PAYING OFF the credit cards.
        Do this for 6 months and start applying for more
credit. Get another American Express card, maybe the Delta
card if you like to fly a lot. Get another Bank of America
card. Keep applying for unsecured business credit cards.
Keep building your business credit.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 49


        Now, this SHOULD go without saying but you
MUST pay all your credit cards ON TIME. This is the only
way to keep building a stellar business credit profile.
        The cool thing about all of this is that when you buy
things on your unsecured business credit cards, none of this
activity is reported to your personal credit. So, you can’t
lose FICO score points (as you would using your personal
credit cards) by going over that 45% credit threshold. This
means that when using more than 45% of your available
personal credit, your FICO score goes down because it looks
like you are becoming “over-extended” on your credit
borrowing activity. But, when using your business credit
cards, even if you’re “maxed out” it won’t affect your
personal FICO score in this way.

                        Beware of the Scams!

        Cash is a problem sometimes for people getting
started out in business or investing. So, how powerful would
it be for you to finally start that business if you have instant
access to an unsecured business line of credit of, say,
$100,000 or $200,000, which is possible to get within a very
short period of time of starting to build your initial business
credit profile.
        Now I want you to be careful in how you understand
how this works because there are a lot of companies out there
selling stuff on building this type of business credit quickly.
Many of these programs and services are by fly-by-night
companies offering anything from a cheesy e-book for $39
to attorneys asking for $15,000 to be able to set up some
credit profile for you INCLUDING heavy monthly fees to
build a business credit profile or consult you in some way.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 50


Most of these are outright scams. You should be aware of
this.
        You don’t want some cheapy little e-book that’s not
going to tell you anything and you don’t want to go with the
expensive attorney who is probably just going to charge an
arm and a leg for barely doing any work at all for you.
        If you don’t understand exactly how to gain access to
this kind of corporate credit leverage then it’s kind of
pointless to go through the motions of setting up all of this
corporate credit and then not know who to get the money
you need to build wealth.
        First of all, you’ll be able to gain almost instant
access to unsecured business credit but it’ll all be in the form
of unsecured business credit cards. To qualify for BLOCs,
you’ll have to have a FUNCTIONING company of at least
2 years with tax returns that is actually showing business
activity (and NOT just a bunch of zeros). You CAN,
however, qualify for “small” BLOCs almost right away
provided that they are UNDER $50,000 to start (depending
on the lender or bank).
        For example, if you go to Bank of America, you can
start with their $25,000 BLOC and they won’t ask for much
paperwork if you have a decent personal FICO score. Since
a BLOC is revolving, you keep using the money then pay it
back. Then you’ll have access to that same money over and
over again. You will keep doing this (borrowing and
repaying back) for 6 months then ask them to raise the
amount they’ve given you.
        If you are more credit challenged on the personal
side, you should start off with Wells Fargo for a couple of
different reasons: (1) they are the only mainstream bank that
offers a SECURED business credit card which you can use
to start building your business credit with (until you can

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 51


qualify for an unsecured business credit card, and (2) they
have lower BLOCs of $10,000 to start which, again, are
much easier to qualify for if you are still trying to get your
personal credit in order.

            What About Start-Up Business Loans?

        Your very best bet is to find private lenders (simply
by Googling them) that specialize in unsecured loans for
new businesses. There are quite a few of them that can lend
you money. But, again, this better actually be for the
purposes of wealth-building such as getting the down
payment money for a piece of cash flowing real estate or
starting an actual business. You don’t want to get business
credit for the purposes of purchasing personal frivolous stuff
for yourself.
        I had a few customers call our office and only want
to get business credit to purchase expensive cars. On top of
that, they blatantly admitted to wanting to default on the
loans right away. This is NOT how you build long-term
wealth. How stupid and short-sighted could one be? To
screw over a bank for $50,000 to $100,000 is REALLY
STUPID considering that you can use this money to help you
build a multi-million-dollar empire in the long run.
        Of course, you can’t fix stupid, can you?

  Why Do Loans and Credit Cards Require a Personal
                 Guarantee Now?

       They just do! There’s no way around it unless you
don’t want the credit. If you plan on defaulting to the point
where you don’t want to sign a personal guarantee then
you’re not quite understanding how to build long-term

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 52


wealth as I indicated above. And if you’re not willing to take
the business risk to borrow money knowing that nothing is
guaranteed out there then you always have the option of not
taking any risks at all and, of course, not building any wealth
for yourself either. The choice is yours.
        To be clear, business credit does not replace the need
to have good personal credit. Even though business credit
will help you overcome some of the obstacles that you’re
having with your personal credit, it won’t solve all of your
personal credit problems. I do strongly recommend that you
do implement a system to start rebuilding your personal
credit because if you have rebuilt personal credit and
outstanding business credit, you’ll literally be unstoppable
in the business and wealth-building world. There will be
absolutely nothing in this world that you won’t be able to do,
whether you’re starting a new business, purchasing real
estate, or whatever you decide that you want to do to build
wealth for yourself.
        Again, I want to stress here is that some people think
that building outstanding business credit will be able to
allow them some of the unneeded indulgences in life, like
buying a new Mercedes Benz or other things they seriously
can’t pay for and that’s not what this is for either. If this is
what you’re thinking, get it out of your mind right now.
Remember, when you are building business credit, you’re
doing for the purposes of building business wealth, and of
course, building your overall personal wealth.
        You’re not doing it to keep up with the Jones’s.
You’re not doing it to buy the $2 million mansion on the hill.
You’re not doing it to buy the big screen TV. You’re not
doing any of that stuff that’s non-business related.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 53



                       Chapter Seven
   Ideas for Wealth-Building with Credit


S
       ome of the things that you can do when you have
       business credit is that you can borrow lines of credit
       from the bank, on behalf of the business to either buy
inventory, or to get equipment for your business. You can
purchase real estate. You can actually lease a warehouse or
an office for the business, under the business credit. There
are a lot of different things you can do.
         You can lease vehicles that are specifically used for
the business. You can lease or purchase computers and
computer equipment under the business. There are a lot of
different things that you can do for a business. So if you
really don’t know what you’re using the business credit for
at this point in your life, that’s fine. Start building it anyway
so that when you do get that killer kick-ass business idea,
you’ll have a way of funding it when you’re ready to get
started.

         Get Credit BEFORE You Actually Need It

         It’s always better to set your credit up and get the
business credit rolling in now and then you can find a use for
it later. It’s always worse when you need the business credit
and you don’t have access to it. Now is the time to set up
business credit, even if you really don’t have a specific use
for it at this time because you will at some point.
         Every single person in this world has either wanted
to start their own business – or maybe even selling on eBay
or Amazon – where they wanted to buy electronic inventory
and they needed to buy it in pallets (usually from China),

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 54


instead of one by one (where they’d never get a good
wholesale price), and it would‘ve been handy to have the
business credit to be able to start that enterprise but they just
didn’t have the right resources.
        The difference between people who are super
wealthy and the people that just never make it is access to
OPM. I’m not going to say that across the board every single
person that’s a multimillionaire or a multibillionaire has
borrowed their way to a fortune because that would not be
true. But the vast majority of them had some kind of
financial help in the beginning (and even during their
wealth-building journey), whether they borrowed money
from their relatives to start their business and get it off the
ground.
        Every new business owner needs some kind of cash
to get started. I don’t know of any business where
someone’s needed absolutely nothing to get started or to
expand in a business. Yes, there are businesses out there that
need very little money to start. I’ve heard of cases where
people have only started with a couple hundred dollars in
their business. (I’ve even started a multi-million-dollar
business starting with only a few hundred bucks!) But let
me tell you, when you do start a business with just a couple
hundred dollars, no matter what your success ratio is, it takes
a very, very long time to be able to build that business up to
have a sizeable cash flow.
        I don’t know what kind of business you’re in or what
type of business you WANT to be in but that doesn’t matter
at this point. What I’m saying is simple: you can have a
super small eBay or Amazon business, for instance, and
maybe you would like to expand it but you don’t have
enough money to purchase additional inventory. Typically
you’d have to wait until you could profit from some of the

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 55


sales from your current inventory before you can actually
run out and buy any major inventory. But by having access
to business credit, you can immediately access the same
amount of wholesale inventory as what the “big boys” have
access to.

Millions of Dollars in eBay and Amazon Profits Starting
    with a “Spark” from Unsecured Business Credit

         Let me give you an example of a really good friend
of mine. She has a very, very successful eBay and Amazon
business but it wasn’t always successful. Not by a long shot.
In fact, in the very beginning it was faltering. By faltering,
I mean it was faltering to such a ridiculous degree that I had
to ask her why she was bothering at all.
         At the time, she would have make more money at a
9-to-5 job for minimum wage then what she was making on
eBay with the amount of time and effort that she put into it.
She was working like 12 hours a day listing things and she
did not have the capital to increase her inventory. She was
selling children’s clothing through eBay at that time and so
I told her that she should have a method of building her
business credit which she did not have. She did not even
have a corporation set up. She was doing everything under
a DBA, which I never recommend, especially if you have an
actual functioning business. You should never be operating
under sole proprietorship, ever. This is because it exposes
you to too much personal and legal risk.
         I ended up showing her the very simple process of
getting started with a corporation and showed her the very
simple step-by-step process of building credit from that point
forward.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 56


         Within just 90 days, she was able to go from
absolutely having no business credit whatsoever to accessing
$120,000 in unsecured credit. By the way, her personal
credit wasn’t very good either. Regardless, I was able to start
her off with a very simple step-by-step credit building
process and within 90 days she was able to get rolling with
both with unsecured business credit cards and with a small
business line of credit through her bank.
         With her business line of credit she rented a
warehouse and bought a bunch of wholesale inventory. It
turned out that she ordered two semi-trucks full of inventory
where each was filled with a ton of pallets. Her investment
in all this was over $100,000. I don’t know the exact figure.
She decided to get out of the children’s clothing business and
went into electronics instead, all purchased from China
(using a website called www.Alibaba.com).
         She took the risk. I remember how excited she was
but at the same time she was completely scared stiff and
within a course of – it was a short period of time because she
had people in her family that helped her list things and ship
things and so forth. She actually ended up profiting a
ridiculous sum of money in the realm of several hundred
thousand dollars just from the sales of those initial pallets
that she had received from her first injection of business
credit.
          Unfortunately for most people that are small sellers
on eBay or Amazon – or small vendors in any kind of
industry selling on any type of platform – they do not have
the access to the wholesale volume of product to be able to
offer deals on specific items. Many times they cannot get a
good enough deal to be able to turn around and sell it for any
decent profit.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 57


        My friend happened to be able to access this
unsecured business credit at a good time because this whole
thing unfolded for her right before Christmas. She was able
to line up her credit, buy her products, and take delivery of
these pallets right before Christmas which is the optimal
time to start selling electronics online. I can’t imagine how
limited she would still be if she never built the business
credit. If I had never told her how to build the business
credit, she would have still been trying to sell children’s
clothing using a little space in her garage, barely making any
money.
        I also remember part of her garage had actually
gotten flooded because of a really bad rain storm earlier that
year and she had lost some of her inventory during this time.
Without finding the secret to business credit, she would
probably be in the same exact situation struggling to this day.
But now she has a very, very prosperous business which just
keeps doubling because of the demand. Her numbers last
year were over $3 million in gross sales and she just
purchased a 12,000 industrial warehouse for her business
with – you guessed it – her built business credit.
        Keep in mind, she didn’t even start doing this until a
few years ago and now here we are – 3 years later – and she’s
a multi-millionaire who purchased a warehouse, purchased
her own home, drives 2 luxury cars, and travels to the most
exotic places you can imagine during her “slow” times
(typically over the summer months). What’s possible for her
is possible for everyone.

 The Type of Business to NOT Use Business Credit For

       Many people know by now that I’m not an advocate
of network marketing or MLM schemes. I simply don’t

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 58


believe in it. So, when building your business credit to
ultimately use the funds for business-building or investing, I
strongly suggest that you DO NOT have a plan in which you
want to try building wealth with MLM. You’ll quickly find
yourself in a huge debt (since rarely does anyone make
money with network marketing) and you’ll have to find a
way to pay it all back OR you’ll have to file for bankruptcy.
        Yes, starting a real business from scratch takes brains
and a lot of hard work. This is why there’s what we call a
“barrier of entry” meaning that not just anyone can pull it
off. Since you should start a business for what I call
“Aggressive Income,” you may want to start studying how
business works before you embark upon any business
endeavor because it won’t be helpful to you simply because
you have access to unsecured cash to throw into your
business. If anything, it’ll allow you to waste money (that
isn’t even yours) by throwing it at a business idea that might
never make any money.
        I want to stress to you, again, the importance of using
this for the purpose of building a business and not for any
personal gain. You are not going to be using business credit
for personal means, including purchasing your personal
home, personal vehicles for personal use, or anything like
that. I want to stress that this is the fastest way for people to
get into trouble with credit is when they start purchasing
things that are unnecessary and for the purposes of personal
use. In fact, that’s usually when people get into trouble with
their personal credit as well.

               Another Business Success Story…

        Another story I want to share with you is about a lady
that I knew long, long ago she has been a family friend of

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 59


mine for many years. She was always trying to get into some
kind of new business. She was actually in a MLM business
and she was struggling like mad to make that business work.
As I mentioned before, MLM isn’t where you should be at
for building a business. I don’t know if you know a lot about
multi- level marketing but my experience with it hasn’t
really been 100% positive so far. If somebody could actually
show me proof that they actually made a significant amount
of money with MLM or network marketing, should me the
proof. Otherwise it’s a sucky business model.
        When my good friend came up to me and was
complaining that she could not make her NuSkin business
work for nothing in the world, I sat down and patiently
listened to her griping. That she been in for 6 years and she
couldn’t make any money with it. I told her this: “You know
it’s obviously not working. You’ve been in this business for
6 years now and you’re not seeing any kind of profits. Why
are you still doing it?” The only amount of money that
would come in would cover her required monthly auto ship
product purchases; that’s all the money she made! She asked
me, “Well, do you have any better ideas of what I can do to
make money?”
        Of course I did! I just had to get down to what she
wanted to do at her “passion level” to make sure she wasn’t
just doing something for the money (since that gets old fast).
She wanted to start a business selling her own branded
cosmetic line. She wanted to create her own line of products
that she made by hand. A year prior she had met this guy at
a conference. He had a company that was able to formulate
specific types of ingredients to be able to create a line of all-
natural cosmetics (mostly foundations and mineral make-up)
and she was really excited about the prospect of being able
to do this because she knew she had the contacts. Her

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 60


obstacle was that he was requiring an initial fee of like
$30,000 to $50,000 just to be able to formulate a special
foundation for her that she would be able to formulate for
her line that she had.
         Plus, she wanted to hire an attorney to trademark a
specific name for her line of cosmetics and that costs money
too. Trademarks don’t cost a lot of money but when you are
having an attorney set things up, it’s never cheap. She had
this whole plan and I thought it was an excellent idea. I told
her, “You know what, why don’t you build some business
credit?”
         She had absolutely no idea what I was talking about.
She said, “Business credit, what is that?” I told her, “Well,
you know, obviously when you start a business you are going
to start a corporation of some kind.” This is something she
didn’t have being in the MLM business; at that time she
didn’t really need a corporation so she knew absolutely
nothing about it.
         I gave her just a very simple step-by-step plan on
how to quickly build her business credit from scratch. It took
her a little longer than most people that I coach on doing this
to actually set up the business credit because she take it
seriously or understand the power of what I was teaching her
to do.

        Simple Steps Anyone Can Do to Get Started

        Her first step obviously was to start the corporation
because she didn’t have one. The next step was to get the
company EIN. I was able to determine based on her credit
reports that her mid-FICO was over 740. This was good.
Because her personal credit was so good, I had her start



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 61


applying for business credit right away, namely with
unsecured business credit cards like American Express.
         Within six months she was able to build a pretty good
amount of business credit. Because she doubted the process
so much, she wasn’t able to raise as much credit as many of
my students who are really serious about doing this. But she
did okay. She was able to get just under $100,000 in credit
between business loans and business credit cards. It was
definitely enough to get her started with paying the $50,000
fee to formulate her cosmetic ingredients, actually get an
inventory, and she has ended up setting up a website once
she got everything together. She later had the help of a
marketing expert come in and was able to pay for the
marketing expert through her business line of credit.
         So, what finally happened to her? She was able to
start a successful small all-natural cosmetic company online
and she is doing an exceptional job. Her numbers aren’t as
good as what I think are a phenomenal business, but her
profit levels are really good. Last time I talked to her, she
puts in $50,000 in inventory a month and sells about
$100,000 per month in product. She is okay with that. Her
numbers are just over $1 million per year.
         And to think, she would have been still struggling
with NuSkin, wondering why it’s not working while going
to meeting after meeting after meeting, seeing these different
MLM success stories and wondering why she can never be
like that when the entire MLM system is stacked against the
low-ranking sales rep. Now she has her own line of
cosmetics.
         Lately she is talking about doing some make-up such
as eyeliners, eyeshadows and lipstick among other things.
She tries to do things along the lines of Rachel Perry. I don’t
know if you are familiar with Rachel Perry but everything is

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 62


all natural. Nothing in the ingredients that would damage
the skin at all. She is all about doing everything natural.
          Her most exciting news is that she was able to put
her products in 2 regions of Whole Foods so far. This was
just late last year. She is actually doing really well and I can
see that this company of hers has the potential of doing
phenomenally well. She just doesn’t have a lot of business
experience but now that she has the financial backing to be
able to work her dreams in the manner that she sees fit, she
actually is starting to have people that are experts come in
and show her the ropes on how this works and so she is able
to afford that now as opposed to before, when she did not
have any business credit.
         As with most entrepreneurs starting out, she was
unable to afford having experts and consultants come in to
guide her through the process of developing a very profitable
business. Now, because of OPM, she has this access. This
is just another example of how someone was able to use
business credit to become highly successful when they
probably wouldn’t have been able to get very far in life
without it.

          How Foreigners Can Use a U.S. Company

         One of the things that I wanted to also share with you
is that if you are a foreign to the U.S. – in other words, you
are not a US citizen and you want to set up a U.S. corporation
to do business here in the United States – you can do that and
I’ll show you how.
         There are many companies out there that will be able
to set up a corporation for someone who is not part of the
United States. If you are not an American citizen but you
want to purchase real estate in the United States then you

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 63


will have to start your “umbrella” corporation as a C
corporation. This way the U.S. government can get their tax
money (remember “double taxation”) before the money
leaves the U.S. You are going to be required to have what is
called a TIN. This is a Taxpayer Identification Number.
You’ll need this to start your corporation and to get your EIN
for your new corporation.
         Many foreigners don’t realize that they can partake
in a lot of the opportunities that are available in the United
States as long as they are able to set up your corporation
properly, by U.S. standards, laws and regulations. There are
a lot of corporation services that offer street addresses if you
don’t have a U.S. mailing address.

    How to “Hide” Behind Your New Business Entity

        There are also services that shield your name from
the corporation documents if you have other problems (and
aren’t particularly foreign to the United States). For
example, say you have a lot of personal problems as far as
IRS liens against you or a bankruptcy and you don’t want
anybody to know about the new business that you are setting
up. You might want to consider some of the protection
services that some of these corporation formation companies
offer as far as using their name or their address on all of the
corporate documents that are filed with the state to shield
you from having anything publicly you as a company owner.
        If you are in any kind of divorce proceedings, you
may want to hide your new company from prying eyes.
Setting up a corporation for the purposes of credit is
important but it can also be used as a tool to protect you from
some of your other problems as well. Maybe someone sued
you and you have a judgment against you personally. Maybe

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 64


the IRS put a lien against you for whatever reason. Maybe
you are going through a bankruptcy or a divorce and you
have other legal or financial issues. Hide behind your new
corporation!
         What a lot of people don’t understand is that the
corporate “veil” (as they call it) protects you personally. But
it’s also its own entity. This means that nobody can go after
your new company for things you owe personally. Even
though this is the case, it’s not particularly wise to have
yourself out there front row and center when you are in the
midst of something highly personal – say a divorce – where
people are actively looking for assets and “hidden” things
that you may have.
         As I said before, nobody can come after your
company (a separate entity) for personal debts you owe.
However, if you become profitable at any time in your new
business, they will be the first people in line with their hand
out to collect if they see that your business is making money.
         Take it from me – a person who has been under
scrutiny of top-level organizations (including the
government) – I can tell you what ANYONE can and
CANNOT do to you. And I’ll say this one more time: a new
corporation with an EIN is its OWN ENTITY. People and
organizations who you owe money to personally CANNOT
tap into the bank account for your business. It’s not legal!
         I recently had a disagreement with a student of mine
who kept insisting that he shouldn’t include his last name
(which wasn’t that unique) in the name of his corporation
because he owed student loans. And he further told me that
it was his CPA who advised him against this.
         First of all, I’ve known way too many CPAs who
don’t really know their ass from a hole in the ground.
Further, because this particular CPA told my student that the

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 65


organization trying to collect his student loans could try to
collect this debt from his new business, I DEFINITELY
knew this CPA didn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground.
         I had to PAINSTAKINGLY explain (several times)
to this student that no entity (including the government) can
collect a personal debt from a brand new company that you
own. A corporation is, after all, its own entity and is NOT
responsible for paying your old debts.
         Now, there is a chance that any company or
organization that you owe money to do a sweep every so
often or they will try to say, “Okay, what does Joe Blow have
in his bank account today?” But, again, if it’s a business
bank account and the business itself is not part of the
collections, nobody can lien the bank account for personal
debts you owe.
         Of course, when you start making a lot of money,
you’ll notice that people will start showing up to collect. If
you have the money and you owe them, PAY THEM! Get
them off your back. Debt is a very negative energy. The
quicker you ditch it by making good on it, the better your
overall karma will be anyway.

    What to Expect in the Near Future with Business,
               Credit, and the Economy

        Right now in this time in our history we are diving
into another recession as I write this. Our last recession (The
Great Recession) started back in 2008 (even though I saw
signs of it in 2005). We pulled out of that one. Now we’re
sinking into another recession. This one (I’m predicting)
won’t be as bad or as long as the last recession.
        We have been going through a lot of government
changes, especially pertaining to the United States (if you

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 66


haven’t noticed). A lot of things are changing right now.
Like most other people, I do pay attention to the news but I
try not to drown myself in the negativity of what’s going on
out there because you cannot become successful in society if
you are focusing on all the bad things that are happening.
          There is ALWAYS opportunity in turmoil IF you can
stay focused and keep your head screwed on straight! You
cannot fall for all the media propaganda. Even if the
economy was in perfect condition right now, the news would
still have tons of things to focus on. Take it with a grain of
sale.
          It was about a decade ago when I started to realize
the full essence of what’s going on in our economy and how
things were never going to be the same. This is when I found
out that my ex-wife’s stepfather had been laid off by a
company that he was expecting to retire with over the course
of his remaining 3 years. He had been a middle manage for
almost 30 years. And just like that, they gave him a pink
slip, refused to give him his promised pension, and told him
that he had no money to withdraw from his 401K.
          He is now in his 80s
 with no pension and no retirement to speak of. He does
what a lot of misguided Baby Boomers do now: odd jobs to
pay the bills. This is what he will continue to do until he
dies.
           Baby Boomers (and some of us Generation Xers)
were sold this lie all through their lives. Get your college
degrees. Get a job with a company for 25 to 30 years and
retire with them all in the name of something called
“security.”
          The moral to the story is even though becoming an
entrepreneur can be difficult sometimes, in this day and age
it is literally your only option. On top of that, you have to be

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 67


flexible and you have to have something called “multiple
streams of income” coming in. I don’t just have one type of
business. I have several businesses. I have my real estate
holdings. I’m working on my new all-natural skincare
business.
        Of course, things change as you go along. You’ll
have new business ideas and new investment opportunities
to take advantage of. With business credit, you’ll be able to
take advantage of as many opportunities as you possible can
without becoming overwhelmed. Isn’t that exciting?
        I am realizing that it’s not just a luxury to be an
entrepreneur. It’s now become a necessity. If you do not
have an entrepreneurial mind, you are not going to make it
very far because you cannot depend on a company to take
care of you.
        You can’t depend on a company to still be there when
you want to retire. That used to be the mentality years ago.
That used to be the mentality even just a decade ago; whereas
you would stay with a company for a number of decades and
then be rewarded with a nice pension and retirement.
        You must understand that if you are going to survive
in the new future, in this new economy, you have to become
an entrepreneur. However you decide to round up those
tools needed to become an entrepreneur, I strongly suggest
that you learn everything you can about sales, marketing,
business building, investing and business credit, which
you’re learning here. You must learn how to market well
and how to invest well in particular because you are going to
probably have to be very diverse and know how to do a lot
of things in order to survive in this new economy.




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                   Page 68



                        Chapter Eight
                         Secrets of DNB


S
       ome people may tell you that you could gain access to
       hundreds of thousands of dollars in business credit
       within a couple of days. That is a little extreme and
largely not doable. Some others may say, “All of those
people that say that you can set it up within a couple of
months are liars. You actually need years and years and
years.” So, I will actually tell you what the real scoop is on
exactly how much time you need.
         There is two (2) types of business credit that we’re
talking about here: “short credit” and “long credit.” You can
easily and quickly build up a solid and stellar business credit
track record by simply using Experian Business. This means
that all you need to do is raise your personal credit FICO, set
up your corporation and EIN, and start applying for
unsecured business credit cards. Use those credit cards, pay
them off, and keep using them. This happens relatively
quickly (within a couple of months) but only provides you
with something called “short credit.” You are essentially
limited to about $100,000 or more collectively among many
unsecured business credit cards.
         But what if you need more money?
         You’ll have to dive in deeper and start actually
rolling up your sleeves to adequately and properly build up
your business credit. And yes, this WILL take some time.
         This is when you’re going to have to start setting up
your profile with DNB, to start building what we call “long
credit.”
         To recap, your first step obviously in this process is
to start a corporation or an LLC in your home state/. If you

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 69


already have a business then you need to make sure that you
have NOT damaged that business credit in any way. For
example, if you have or had a business credit card that you
stopped paying on or don’t have a good payment history
with, then you are probably have to start the whole process
over again by getting/forming a new corporation. So if you
believe that you have damaged some of your business credit
already then you don’t want to carry on with that business.
Just forfeit that business and start a new one. You want to
start over with a clean slate.
         Generally, to set up a corporation, it’s anywhere from
$100 to $300 depending on the types of services that you
decide to get. I’ve always chosen S corporations. The
reason being is that you don’t fall under the double taxation
laws as you do with a C corporation. As mentioned before,
you are taxed on two different levels with a C corporation.
You are taxed on the profits of the business and then when
the profits flow down to you personally where you are then
taxed again on those profits.
         With an S corporation, the corporation pays
absolutely nothing as far as the profits of the corporation go
so every year when you state that you have a certain amount
of money in profits, all of those profits flow down directly to
you as an individual through something called a K-1 form.
That’s the key difference between the two.
         Next is your EIN. To recap, an EIN is an Employer
Identification Number issued by the IRS that’s equivalent to
the Social Security Number of your corporation. This is to
be used for tax reasons only but it’s also used to build
business credit. A lot of people misconstrue what an EIN is
used for and it’s used for tax purposes only. You do not use
it to build credit.



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 70


       Once you have the above set up then we can start the
process of building a profile through DNB.

                    Building Your DNB Profile

         When you are ready to start setting up your company
through Dun & Bradstreet (www.dandb.com) and they will
ask you for some critical information about your business.
         They will ask you for your company address,
business phone number, when you were incorporated,
projected gross sales, how many employees you have, how
much square footage your unit occupies, your company EIN
as well and you are going to have other people ask for your
and many other things. This is why setting up a profile with
DNB gets tricky. When you answer these questions the
wrong way, you won’t get rated high enough to get decent
credit.
         By the way, it may seem like a cheaper alternative to
start a corporation in a state like Nevada (even though you
probably don’t live there) but DON’T do this! I do strongly
recommend that you set something up in your home state.
Do not set something up in Nevada or one of those other
places if you plan on running an actual business there on that
state’s soil.
         Why not get a Nevada corporation if you are in a state
like California where the annual fees are so high? Because
it’s not legal to conduct business this way, that’s why.
         Originally when I got started years and years ago, I
did have my Nevada corporation and I was trying to function
in the State of California (where I reside). This is when I
found that I had to transfer my corporation over with a
specific type of form and it was just kind of a headache.
They told me if I didn’t do it the I would be in violation of

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 71


interstate commerce laws and I didn’t even know what it was
at the time. I was told that since I was conducting a business
in California that I was going to have to shift my corporation
status to California. It was kind of a pain and it was more
costly than if I had just would have set everything up in
California to begin with. Penny wise, pound foolish they
say.
         The other reason is that when you start applying for
“bigger” credit, banks and lenders are going to wonder why
YOU reside in one state and why YOUR COMPANY is
registered to conduct business elsewhere. They won’t want
to lend you money because you’ll seem very flakey as if
you’re running a fly-by-night operation.

                     Why DNB is So Expensive

        Yes, you can get a free number (called the DUNS
number) from DNB. This is their number (like an EIN but
different) that they give to all companies. And this is about
it when it comes to getting anything for free when trying to
build this magnitude of credit. The rest is about to get kind
of costly.
        To get started with a profile, you’ll want to pay for
their CreditBuilder which is currently (as of this writing)
$159 per month. And that’s not the worst part of it. To start
getting credit, you’ll have to have what’s called a “seasoned”
company (of 3 years or longer) that has filed active tax
returns. In other words, you must be running an ACTIVE
company that has gross sales to get money from lenders
UNLESS you are applying as a start-up company.
        So, what’s the “worst part” when it comes to
financing your DNB set-up? If you don’t have a “brick-and-
mortar” business location then you MUST get one, even if

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 72


                       Your Physical Address

         You need to have a physical address and it’s not good
enough to just have a P.O. Box somewhere. It’s not good
enough to have one of those UPS store mailbox addresses.
         It’s a little tricky because of the way Dun &
Bradstreet does things. This is one of the things you really
need to consider because if you make a mistake doing this
then it is really going to unravel a lot of your time and effort
in doing this properly. When looking for a business address
– if you don’t actually have a brick and mortar business or a
warehouse or know somebody who has a business that you
can borrow their address from – then you are going to have
to do things a specific set of steps:
         Option A: Virtual offices. We kind of already
covered this but I need to go into more specifics. To be clear
every virtual office will work. For example, there are a
couple of mainstream virtual office companies such as
Barrister. The way you find them is by simply typing “virtual
office in [name of city/state]” and Google will find you what
you’re looking for.
         But not just any location will do. You need to figure
out if they are in a building with other regular businesses or
not. This is very important that pay attention here because
this is going to make or break whether or not you are
successful with this set-up part of this. What do I mean by
that? Some of the virtual offices will actually occupy an
entire building. For example, maybe their address is 28410
Main Street. And they occupy 100% of that building which
is just an office building. You do not want a company that
just offers virtual services because DNB will quickly figure
this out when they do research on your company. (And yes,



Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 74


they WILL look up your company address to see where you
are.)
        The ideal virtual office would be in a location where
there are many other businesses. This can happen if the
vircual office company is taking one floor of a multi-floor
building and doesn’t occupy the entire building. Maybe the
building has a couple doctors’ offices in there. Maybe a
lawyer’s office. That’s the key. It has to have the same exact
address but have many different types of businesses. For
example, if the address is 1234 Shadow Street, the virtual
office location has to have 1234 Shadow Street and then
maybe some law office has 1234 Shadow Street and maybe
a dentist office also has 1234 Shadow Street and maybe there
is some other type of business consulting service in there and
they also share 1234 Shadow Street.
        How will you know if this is the case? It’s very easy
with the Internet nowadays. The reason it is good is because
it is very easy for you to discover whether or not there is
other legitimate companies at that address. It’s very bad
because it’s very easy for Dun & Bradstreet or any creditor
to be able to determine whether or not you have a legitimate
business.
        This is why we are going through this extra step here
is because just having what looks to be a legitimate business
address is no longer acceptable with the Internet nowadays.
I mean it is just too easy to have a UPS mailbox address.
Dun & Bradstreet knows this. Banks and lenders know this
now and with the power of the Internet, it is very easy to be
able to see whether or not that is a UPS store address or not.
        I personally use UPS store addressees but for
different reasons, not for building business credit. I actually
have an office, staff, and the whole 9 yards yet I have just
found over the years that it is easier to have a drop box to be

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 75


able to collect payments from different customers or just to
be able to have junk mail come in and so forth.
        The main reason for this is that years ago we had an
incident where we had this psychopath of a customer of ours
and he was just off kilter mentally. He was obsessed with
one of the people that worked in our office. She was a single
girl in her early 20s and I guess she was just really nice to
people on the phone and maybe he took it the wrong way. I
don’t know. He kept showing up to the office over and over
and over again and to the point where we actually had to
have a restraining order.
        I actually had to have a specific type of security
system installed including one that locked the door
automatically whenever anybody actually went out or came
in the door. It would lock behind them. I actually had to
have people ring the doorbell to be able to get into the front
door and I actually had to have people physically open the
door to let people in.
        This was just an extreme circumstance which
probably doesn’t happen a lot but a lot of people wonder why
I personally still use like a drop box address for a lot of my
businesses – including for my main business address – and
it’s because of safety and security of myself and my staff.
        But aside from that, you should not be using a UPS
store address for anything having to do with building
business credit.
        Option B: Brick-and-mortar address. This is
your only second option since using a USPS post office box
is NOT an option and neither is using your home address.
You can choose to find a very small office location (maybe
300 square feet or less) to use to rent out so you have a “real”
office address. Or you can refer to the virtual office
instructions that I already laid out for you.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                      Page 76


                     Other Set Up Instructions

         Your next step is going to be your business phone
number. This is a little more tricky than meets the eye
because with the phone number, Dunn & Bradstreet would
like to see your phone number actually be attached to your
physical business address. If using a virtual office, this is
not possible to make work this way.
         To circumvent this problem, you could get and use
an 800 number forward it to a live answering service. (I
recommend using www.Kall8.com to get an instant toll-free
number that can be forwarded anywhere.) It’s better to use
an 800 number than getting an 888 or 877 number because
it suggests “stability” and an “aged” business.
         You should also get a business phone number such
as Vonage, MagicJack or even an extra cell number that you
use for business purposes. The problem with Vonage is that
it will be linked directly to your home address UNLESS you
have the equipment sent to your virtual office address. (You
can always take the equipment and set it up at your house.)
         Your next step is to set up with Yellow Pages online
and you can get a free business listing there at
yellowpages.com. You simply type in that Vonage phone
number which will be in the same area code as your virtual
office, obviously, but it should also be the SAME PRE-FIX
as you’d also find in your same region. This is the first three
digits of your phone number which also determines where
your business is located as well.
         Usually Vonage is pretty good about giving you
numbers that are local. My point is you want to find a virtual
office suite that’s very close to your house. This way, when
Vonage gives you a phone number, you know it could
reasonably go to that address. Again, youu can even have

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                     Page 77


the Vonage equipment sent to your virtual office just so that,
that address is on file with Vonage. Then you won’t have
any problems typing in that address, and having all that stuff
coming up under your business name with your business
address.
        What if you don’t want a Vonage phone number?
There are a lot of very cheap answering services out there
that you could forward your calls in the event that DNB
decides to check legitimacy of your business. Or you could
forward your toll-free phone calls to your virtual service
which, for an extra fee, can answer your phone calls for you.
        Finally, you’ll need to get a specific e-mail account
for your business that’s NOT a Yahoo, Gmail or Hotmail.
You’ll have to go to Godaddy.com, get yourself a domain
for your business, and get a PROFESSIONAL email address
that might look like this: john@smithbarclayassociates.com.
It’s not hard to do this. Godaddy offers domains and email
services fairly cheap.
        For the purposes of building business credit,
remember, you need to make this look like as much of a
brick-and-mortar business as possible. With this in mind,
you do want to be as professional as possible.

                              Let’s Recap!

         I hope you understood how this whole set-up part
works. You need a corporation, an EIN, a business address
and a business phone number. You must list your business
online with www.yellowpages.com including your new
business address and phone number, taking advantage of
their free listing.
         The next process, now that we’ve done the ground
work, is to go to Dun & Bradstreet (at www.dandb.com) to

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                    Page 78


start shelling out $159 per month to set up our business
profile.
         IMPORTANT NOTE: They WILL require that you
have 3 trade accounts set up first before you can begin to
build a credit profile with them. I recommend Uline.com,
Quill.com, and FedEx. It’s NOT going to be enough to
simply open accounts with these people. You must USE the
accounts for a couple of months FIRST before you’ll be able
to use them as trade references. So, this is when you can
start doing this BEFORE you start building your DNB
profile!




Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                 Page 79


But you have to have cold hard cash to take advantage of
these opportunities otherwise you risk missing out
altogether! But as you know, the biggest problem is
actually GETTING this cash. At least it used to be. That
is, until now!
        Banks and lenders out there don't want to lend money
and credit to individuals, especially when the economy turns
bad. During a recession banks and lenders start claiming
that they can't lend money. So, barely creditworthy qualified
individuals aren't able to qualify for real estate loans,
business or personal lines of credit, or even for a car loan
because they aren't privy to the secrets of getting this
available credit in ALL economic environments. And that
sucks!
         The unfortunate thing is that the “Average Joe”
in America has been purposely excluded from knowing
anything about this secret among the wealthy...and that's
a shame! Why is this, you ask? Because this credit
“loophole” was initially ONLY designed for the rich to
get richer in investing and in business. It was NOT for
the average person to benefit from. But not anymore!!

               Here's the Core Secret to All This

        Fix and rebuild your personal credit so that you
have at least a 720 mid-FICO score.
        While you’re fixing and rebuilding your personal
credit, get yourself a corporation, ideally an S corporation
with an EIN (Employer Identification Number). I
recommend using a company called AmeriLawyer.com.
        Once your personal FICO is where it needs to be,
begin applying for business credit cards. Start with a
business American Express card such as a Delta, Hilton, or

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                   Page 82


Amazon card, for example. (Avoid the regular Gold or
Platinum cards.) Then apply with Chase Ink, Citibank (I
prefer the Costco Citibank Visa card), and at your local
bank where you opened up your business checking account.
        Yes, you should have opened up a business
checking account once you received your corporate docs
with your EIN.
        You can do something I refer to as “credit stacking”
where you can apply for around 3 to 5 different unsecured
business credit cards then wait anywhere from 30 to 90
days, and then apply for another 3 to 5 unsecured credit
cards.
        An alternative method is to have two (2) S
corporations each with their own EIN and you can apply
for 5 to 6 unsecured credit cards all at once, toggling
between your two newly formed corporations.
        You can even add a third corporate entity into the
mix if you feel so inclined but I wouldn’t do such a thing
unless my personal FICO was in the high 700s or 800s.

     Use Your Unsecured Credit for Wealth Building

        We are not taught in school how to be responsible
with finances because (I believe) the “powers that be” want
the masses to be financially illiterate. Therefore, since you
were likely not afforded a financially literate education,
your first impulse will probably be to take this unsecured
money and blow it on foolish purposes. DON’T DO THIS!
        You cannot grow wealth with a new luxury car and
a big screen TV.
        You can grow wealth with a piece of real estate,
investing in certain stocks or options, or starting (or
buying) a business.

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                   Page 83


        If you’re not sure what might interest you as a
wealth-building enterprise, might I suggest that you go to a
website such as Flippa.com to see what kinds of established
cash flowing businesses are available for sale. While you
may decide not purchase any of these businesses for
yourself, you’ll at least get some cash flowing business
ideas that you may want to research deeper into or to start
yourself from scratch.

                The Future of Entrepreneurship

        I believe the “safe secure job” is a fallacy found
only in Unicorn Fairytale Land. In years past, it was
doable to work for a company, work your way up the
corporate ladder, get yourself a golden parachute, pension
and a gold watch to boot.
        But those days are over. And with the ever-
increasing cost of living due to hyperinflation, it’s simply
not sustainable for most people to have one – even two –
jobs just to squeak by a meager living.
        The faster you start to realize that you WILL have
to have your own little side-hustle business – even if you’re
operating as a “one man (or woman) band” – the more
secure you can begin making your financial future.
        Start researching different businesses. Try a few
out. See what works, what you like, and what makes sense.
And enjoy what I call true financial freedom, making your
own hours, and enjoying life to the fullest like I do! (It’s
all about freedom after all, isn’t it?)
        So, get started now. Time is of the essence. Start
fixing and rebuilding your personal credit. Start your first
corporate entity. Just get rolling with it. I’ve found that
there is power in doing…so get to crackin’ on it. NOW!

Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved                   Page 84