ACCESS GRANTED: COACH K ON FUNDING STRATEGIES FOR ENTREPRENEURS
(Podcast transcript — solo monologue. PRIMARY VOICE REFERENCE.)

Coach K: Welcome to another episode of Access Granted, where I give you exclusive access to
resources that will help you scale your business to the next level and entrepreneurs who are
killing it in their industry. Today we are going to do it a little different. I'm going to
talk you through funding opportunities no matter where you are in your journey.

So as an entrepreneur, I often get "Coach K, should I use business funding or grant funding?"
And there's this battle on which funding opportunity is the best to grow your business and
what you should use for your brand.

I personally feel that entrepreneurs should use every resource available to grow their
business. I teach this information because I want entrepreneurs not to make the same mistakes
that I made when I started my business. So not to max out your personal credit cards, but
also leverage business credit, business funding, and grant funding to grow your business.

So if you are out there and you are starting your business or you're a current entrepreneur
and you need a resource, you should be using grant funding and business funding. So we're
going to put an end to the debate today on which opportunity you should use, and we're just
going to give you access to both because you should be using both opportunities to grow your
business and grow your brand.

GRANT FUNDING
Grant funding is an amazing strategy to grow your business. It's a debt-free opportunity to
grow your business. There's no personal credit check to get access to the funding. So if you
face personal credit challenges, if you are restoring your personal credit, or if you just
don't want your personal credit impacted, grant funding is the best strategy for you.

Grant funding takes time and grant funding is also not guaranteed. So although we are going
to be aggressive with applying for grant funding, we need funding and capital for our
business now, right?