BUSINESS FUNDING
So if you still need funding and capital for your business while we are applying for grants,
we want to make sure we are leveraging business funding and business credit.

If you are an entrepreneur and you have a good personal credit profile, if you have at least
a 680 or 700 credit score with a solid history and relationships on your personal credit,
there are companies like Chase Bank, KeyBank, credit unions, Truist Bank that will give you
access to 0% for 12 months, no interest credit cards. This means whatever you borrow, that's
all you pay, as long as you pay the balance off within a 12-month time frame.

This is an amazing opportunity to start your business and fund your business as long as you
have a game plan to make money and revenue for your business and for your brand. So even if
you're an entrepreneur or a startup and you've made zero dollars in your business, based off
of your business credit profile and your strong relationship on your personal credit, you can
qualify for business credit based off of that information.

These are two different strategies to get you access to funding no matter where you stand in
your business. Grant funding is an amazing strategy -- debt-free, no credit check, no
requirement to repay it. Business funding is another amazing strategy if you have a solid
personal credit profile to back it up.

REVENUE-BASED FUNDING
Now, if you are an entrepreneur and you still face credit challenges and you're in the
process of restoring your personal credit, but you're an existing entrepreneur and you make
at least three, five, or $10,000 a month and you still need funding, there are companies --
revenue-based companies -- that will give you funding for your business as well.

Now, these companies are going to base it solely off of the income that you have coming into
your business. You want to make sure you're very cautious with using revenue-based funding
because most of the time they have higher interest rates and not the best payment terms. But
this is a strategy we can use to fund our business and fund our brand as an entrepreneur.