EIN-ONLY FUNDING
These are so many different resources to grow your business. As an entrepreneur, you should
be leveraging every resource available for you to grow your business. This is why I teach
this information inside of our Business and Grant Community, and I want to make sure that
entrepreneurs understand how to get access to grant funding but also how they can leverage
business funding to grow their business as well.

So while we are getting access to grants and applying for grants, this is an opportunity --
business credit and business funding is an opportunity to start your business now, and then
as the grant funding comes in, we can balance out and make sure we're using this resource to
grow our business.

So because this is Access Granted, I have to give you exclusive access to another opportunity
where you can get funding for your business. There are companies that will give you funding
for your business solely based off of your EIN only, but you want to make sure you have the
structure and the foundation of your business in order before you apply.

Now, what you want to do is make sure you have a registered business, make sure you have a
professional business email address, and then we are going to add positive trade lines onto
our business credit profile to qualify for these funding opportunities.

I'm going to give you a trade line that you can go out and add right now to start building
out your business credit and potentially qualify for no PG funding, which means it's not
going to use your social, it's going to be strictly based off of your business credit.

There's a company called Nav. This company will allow you to monitor your business credit
profile so you can see your business credit score, but they're also going to assist you with
building out your business credit score so that you can get access to funding.

Once you get to a solid business credit score and a good business credit profile, there are
companies that will give you funding just based off of your EIN number. So these companies
will allow you to grow your business and get access to funding because you have a structured
business, a business credit profile, and they're going to give you what's called no PG,
EIN-only funding, solely based off of your relationship, positive relationships, and building
out your business credit profile and having a structured business.