ALL ABOUT CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS

What is a credit bureau?
Credit bureaus, also called repositories or credit reporting agencies, are central
clearing houses for credit-related information. Credit bureaus gather information
about your consumer credit history, maintain this information, and actually sell it in
the form of a credit report.

Clearly, credit bureaus are “for profit” businesses that make money by selling
information about your credit and the credit of others. Credit bureaus are used by
prospective lenders to determine whether a particular individual is a good risk for
either a credit line or a loan.

How do credit bureaus work?
Credit bureaus store virtually all of your payment histories and habits in computer
databases. This information is analyzed, scored, and then sold to various lending
institutions, credit card companies, etc.

Credit bureaus do not actually make any lending decisions – These are made by
the actual lending institution with which you are involved: for instance, banks,
stores, and so on.

What if a credit bureau has incorrect information about my credit history?
Credit Reporting agencies do not make any money correcting inaccurate
information, but fortunately they are legally obligated to do so. (We will refer later to
the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), federal regulations designed to give
consumers fair protection and certain rights related to their credit.) It’s up to you,
though, to get the process started.

Begin by requesting a current copy of your credit report from each of the three
major credit bureaus: Trans Union, Equifax, and Experian.

You do not need a complicated document to request your credit report.               Just
request a copy and include your
   √   Full name
   √   Current address and any previous addresses
   √   Social security number
   √   Date of birth (including year)
   √   A photocopy of your driver’s license or a statement with your name and
       address clearly marked.

Is there a form that I can use to request my credit report?
Yes. To request your report, you may use a form like the one below:


                                                  CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -1