Additionally, certain states require the credit reporting agencies to provide one free
copy per year of their credit report. Presently, these states include Colorado,
Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Vermont.



                                                  WARNING!
                           There are many scams on the Internet that appear to
                           offer free credit reports that require you to sign up for
                           another program – with a fee that you will have to pay –
                           in order for you to receive your “free” credit report.

    Steer clear of these free offers! They sound too good to be true, and they are!
.

How long will it take to receive my credit report?
Typically, the credit reporting agencies will send you a copy within ten days to two
weeks.

What can I expect to find out from my credit report?
Here is the type of information that you will find in your credit report:

1. Personal Identification Information
    A typical credit file will usually include your name, present address, social
    security number, date of birth, and your employment history. Some reports will
    list your driver’s license number, as well. Your salary is also typically included.
    The credit report will also include any former names, and previous addresses.
2. Public Record Information
    This section will include public record items that are obtained from local, state,
    and federal courts. Public records are maintained by various government
    agencies, and are available to anyone. The following items, if applicable, would
    appear in this section of the credit report:
        a. Lawsuits (including a divorce)
        b. Judgments, including the defendant, plaintiff, amount of judgment, and whether
           this has been satisfied, and the date of judgment being satisfied.
        c. Judgment liens, including the date, amount, and whether satisfied, or not
        d. Foreclosures
        e. Bankruptcy filings, including date filed, the district court information, the
           liabilities, and whether discharged or not, and the date
        f. Tax liens, mechanic’s liens
        g. Criminal arrests and convictions
        h. Child support delinquencies of $1000 or more




                                                   CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -4