3. Collection Agency Account Information
    Certain businesses will provide information to credit reporting agencies only
    when an account is past due or the account against you has been turned over to
    a collection agency.
   There will be an indication of the date the collection process was initiated, as
   well as any payments or actions taken since that date.
   It will show the delinquency status:
       √ If an account is 60, 90, or 120 days late
       √ Whether a suit was initiated
       √ Whether it was discharged in a bankruptcy.


4. Credit Account Information
    This section of your credit report contains both open and closed accounts. It
    makes up the largest part of your credit file, and shows monthly reports from
    your creditors. In differing formats depending on the credit reporting agency, you
    will find :
      a. The name of the company granting credit
      b. The account number of the company granting credit
      c. An explanation of who is responsible for the account and the type of
         participation you have with this particular account.
         ► For example, an account could be joint, individual, undesignated, authorized
             user, terminated, maker, co-maker/co-signer, on behalf of another, or shared
      d. The month and year that the account was opened
      e. The number of months that credit information has been reported on the account
      f. The date of last payment, last charge, or occurrence
      g. The highest amount charged or the credit limit on the account
      h. The number of installments or the monthly payment
      i. The amount owed as of the reporting date
      j. The past due amount as of the reporting date
      k. The status of the account:
         ► Open (entire balance due each month)
         ► Revolving (the monthly payment amount is variable) or
         ► Installment (this represents a fixed number of payments over a given period
             of time).




                                                 CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -5