                                   How do I manage all of this?
                                   By this time, after carefully reading your credit
                                   report for the first time, you may be feeling quite
                                   overwhelmed, or even frightened. This may be the
                                   first time you have actually viewed your credit
                                   report.
                                   It is helpful to take a little time for the information to
                                   digest. Review it again over the next day or two,
                                   and then reread the mental preparation section of
                                   this handbook.
                                   Take things one step at a time. Remember,
persistence, organization, and the right mental attitude will help you to much more
effectively deal with the credit reporting bureaus.
It will take some time, but the anticipated results will be well worth it! Credit
reporting agencies are required by various federal and state laws to keep accurate
and timely information about your credit history and use of credit. They will respond
to your requests in a prompt manner.
       √   Do not allow a credit reporting agency to be intimidating to you. Rather,
           be firm and clear about your rights, and pursue them to the best of your
           ability.
       √   Take things one step at a time, but be persistent, follow up, be organized,
           and conscientious.
You will begin to see the results of your efforts in a relatively short period of time.

What if I need more help?
Sometimes professional intervention is needed. There are situations and
circumstances that may be best resolved with the help of an attorney who
specializes in more difficult credit issues, bankruptcy situations, problems of credit
related to divorce or separation, etc. If at all possible, get a referral from an
individual that you trust. This may be from a family attorney, physician, a relative in
the business world, or through the state or local bar (attorney) association. A skilled
specialist who can negotiate on your behalf may be well worth it.

DID YOU KNOW …
There are many companies that specialize in helping
individuals with problem credit to obtain an auto loan.
Typically, they work with a nationwide network of auto
dealers representing various types of cars, new and used.
For more information, contact:
       www.1800DRIVETODAY.com
       www.1800AUTOYES.com
       www.AUTO-LOANS.com


                                                    CREDIT BUREAUS AND CREDIT REPORTS -8