Regardless of which Credit Reporting Agency (CRA) you are dealing with, the
manner in which they respond to correction requests is always the same, according
to the guidelines of the Fair Credit Reporting Act.

What are my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act?
One of the major reporting agencies, Trans Union, has nicely abstracted the key
points presented in the Fair Credit Reporting Act. We draw from that information
here.

The FCRA was implemented to promote fairness, accurate information, and privacy
of information in the files that appear in every consumer reporting agency (CRA). As
noted previously, most CRAs are credit bureaus, such as Experian, Trans Union,
and Equifax. They collect information about you and your use of credit and sell this
information to creditors, employers, landlords, credit card companies, and others.

The FCRA gives you, the consumer, specific rights, which are protected by law. You
may also have additional rights as provided by local or state laws. You can contact
a state or local consumer protection agency or the state attorney general for your
state to find out more about your rights within your specific locale.

   √ If information in your file has been used against you, you must be
     informed of this action. Anyone or any company who uses information
     from a CRA to take action against you, such as denying your application for
     credit or denying employment or insurance, must provide you with the name,
     address, and phone number of the CRA that provided the credit report.

   √ You are permitted to find out what is in your file. Once you have
     requested the information in your file and provided the appropriate identifying
     information, the CRA must give you the most recent information in your file
     and a list of all individuals or companies who have made inquiries within the
     past two years.

      You may not be charged for this report if an action was taken against you as
      a result of the report and you have filed this request within 60 days of your
      receipt of notice.

      Additionally, you may receive a free report every 12 months if you can certify
      that any of the following are true:
      a. You are unemployed and plan to seek employment within the next 60
         days.
      b. You are on public assistance.
      c. There are inaccurate statements on your report due to fraud.

      Otherwise, there will be a charge of up to $8.50 for a report.




                                         CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -2