√ You have the right to dispute information in your report that is
  inaccurate. If you indicate to a credit reporting agency that your credit file
  contains information that is inaccurate, the credit reporting agency must
  investigate these items (usually within 30 days) by presenting your relevant
  information to the credit reporting source.

      ► The source must examine and review your evidence, and report back
        to the CRA with it’s findings.
      ► It must also advise the national CRAs of any errors.
      ► The reporting agency must give you a written report of the results of
        the investigation and a copy of your new report if there is a change to
        be made.
      ► If the investigation does not result in a dispute being resolved, you
        have the right to add a brief statement to your file. This item should be
        included in subsequent reports of your credit file.
      ► If there has been a change made whereby an item has been deleted
        or corrected, you can request that any recent inquiries be notified of
        the change to your report.

√ The credit reporting agency must correct or delete inaccurate
  information. A CRA must delete or correct unverified or inaccurate
  information from its files, usually within a 30-day period from the time that
  you dispute the accuracy of information in your report.
      ► The credit reporting agency is not required to remove accurate
         information unless it is outdated or cannot be verified.
      ► If your dispute of the information in your report results in a change to
         your report, the CRA cannot put that disputed information back in to
         your report unless the source of the information is able to verify the
         accuracy and completeness of its report.
      ► Additionally, the CRA must give you written notice indicating that it has
         reinserted the item. The notice has to include the name, address, and
         telephone number of the information source.

√ An individual can dispute false or inaccurate items directly with the
  source of the information. For example, if you dispute an item with a
  creditor who reports to the CRA, they must indicate your dispute to CRA
  when they report back to the CRA. This is called a notice of dispute.
     ► Once you have notified the source of the information about its error, it
         may not continue to report the information if, in fact, it is an error.

√ The information in your report has a time limit. In most instances, a
  credit reporting agency may not report negative information that is more than
  seven years old. The limit is ten years for bankruptcies.



                                     CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -3