What if the CRA refuses my request?
Upon investigation, it is possible that a credit reporting agency will find that the
information you are challenging is correct. At this point there are several options
that you may pursue.
   √ You may attempt to locate new or additional information that will verify
     your assertions of inaccurate information. Send this information to the
     CRA by certified mail with a request for a return receipt.

   √ Don’t forget to add positive information related to your use of credit.
     Some companies, including major commercial lenders such as auto loan
     companies and mortgage companies, do not report
     to the three major credit reporting agencies. You
     may choose to send the credit reporting agencies
     account information for accounts that you pay on
     time. You can include a copy of a recent statement
     of account, along with copies of cancelled checks
     demonstrating a pattern of timely payment. Ask the
     credit bureaus to add this information to your credit
     file. This process can add valuable positive
     information to your credit history!

   √ You may contact the creditor who is providing the information to the
     CRA – for example, an auto loan company – and request that it correct
     the problem in reporting. Send the creditor a letter similar to the one you
     sent to the credit reporting agencies, and include documentation wherever
                                     possible. Ask the creditor send your
                                     corrected file to all of the credit reporting
                                     agencies to which that they report with
                                     instructions to correct your file. Also request
                                     that the company send the corrected copy
                                     of the file to you, along with the correction
                                     letter that they have sent to the credit
                                     reporting agency.




                        “I was actually applying for an auto loan and found out that my credit
                        situation was so bad that I wouldn’t be able to get approved for a loan. I
                        was desperate. I found the RepairCreditNow.com site online. I ordered
                        the manual, and actually started work immediately. Even though there
                        is a lot of common sense advice, I found it really helpful. Within two
                        weeks, I started to get letters back from the credit bureaus. I found
                        several inaccuracies in my reports, and have begun to take the steps to
                        correct them. I’m hoping to get my new car in a few months…”
                        Roberta G., Staten Island, NY



                                            CORRECTING ERRORS IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT -8