KNOWING WHERE YOU ARE NOW AND WHERE TO START
In order to obtain business financing you must know where you are right now! Do you?

You must know what any funding source is going to look at before you apply. If you don’t you are
completely wasting your time and will most likely be declined.

There are over 4,000 institutional sources of business capital in the United States and each one has
different criteria for funding a deal. Each one of these sources will tell you NO for just “1” thing. On
your own, how can you possibly know what every funding source’s “1” thing might be?
BusinessFinance.com will coach you on exactly what it takes to pre-qualify before you apply and
exactly where you need to improve to pre-qualify for more funding programs in the future.

About than 3% of businesses that attempt to receive funding on their own ever do! The bottom line is
that you are foolish for going it on your own. If you apply at multiple places without pre-qualifying, you
may damage your credit and will destroy your chances of receiving funding from the sources that
would have done your deal.

Begin by going to http://www.myfico.com and finding out what your personal FICO score is and the
FICO of all the principals of the business (anyone who owns more than 10% of the business). This
will cost you less than $40 to find out the exact FICO score for each person for all three (3) credit
agencies and will not cause an inquiry to appear on your credit history.

Your FICO score is a numbering system created as a result of your personal credit worthiness based
on your past and present usage of credit. Any score above a 680 will easily qualify you for business
financing. With a score above 640 there will be some creative funding programs available to you; and
with a score below 620 you will most likely need to find someone other than yourself to act as a
guarantor for business funding, unless your business has assets or receivables to secure the
financing.

For example, your guarantor could have a FICO score of 720 when it is calculated from the Equifax
report and a 690 when it is calculated from Trans Union. Most business funding sources use the
FICO score(s) as a "Go", "No Go" switch. It is important to know your Guarantor's FICO scores from
all three (3) credit agencies before you apply for a business loan.

Next you need to know if your business has a “Business Credit Profile” and a PayDex score. A
PayDex score is similar to a FICO score only it is the measure of your business credit worthiness. I
will explain it in further detail later.

Having a PayDex score of 75 is like having a FICO score of 750. Go to http://www.dnb.com to find out
if your business is already listed and has a PayDex score.

When you get to Dun and Bradstreet’s site, you will see that they have tools to check if your business
is currently listed and what is being said about it. D&B also has a tool that, for $499, allows you to
establish the framework for your business credit profile. If you are in a great rush you can use this
service; however, you can do it for FREE.
 D&B has a free form to apply for a new D&B number only. This option does not establish a business
credit profile. It takes about three weeks to receive your business D&B number and on the pages that
follow I will be showing you the steps to build your own profile, absolutely free.