HOW TO BUILD AN EXCELLENT BUSINESS CREDIT SCORE
Once your Business Credit Assessment is complete, you can begin to build your Business Credit
Profile. In order to successfully fund your future capital needs, it is important that you build a
favorable credit profile for your business.

The action items that you must do to build an excellent Business Credit Score:

1.     Have a Legal Business “Entity”

In order to create and build a "business credit file" that is separate from your personal credit file, you
must have a business entity.

There is no such thing as a "business loan" to a sole proprietor. That is a personal loan. Without a
business entity there is nothing for an investor to invest in or for a lender to lend to. You must
separate the business as an entity apart from the personal owners and the only way to do this is
setting up a legal business entity such as a corporation, LLC, etc.

If you do not have a business entity, SET ONE UP NOW!

Establishing your business as a separate legal entity is where you begin to build a business credit
profile that is separate from your own personal credit profile.

2.     Business Listing Confirmation

Your next step is to confirm that every agency and trade credit vendor has your business listed the
exact same way, with the same address and phone number.

For example, one might have you listed as "ABC, Inc.", while another has you as "AB Consultants",
and yet another as "AB Consultants, Inc.".

Take the time to verify that all your accounts (State, IRS, Bank, 411 Directory, power bill, phone bill,
landlord, etc.) have your business listed the same way and with your "exact legal name".

Also take the time to verify that all agencies, banks, and trade credit vendors have your business
listed with the SAME Tax ID number.

3.     Physical Location

Your business must be real and not just and an attempt to build personal credit by using a business
entity. If that is what you are doing STOP HERE! This process will not work for you. Your business
must have a physical office space, even if it is at your home. It is at this physical location that your
business should receive regular mail, not at a mailbox store or post office box.

4.     Phone Service and Directory Assistance

Your business needs a separate phone line and fax line. The business phone number must be listed
with directory assistance. Call 411 and make sure anyone can find your business under the exact
business name. If your business is not listed in 411 directory assistance than dial 0 for your service
operator and make sure that they get your business listed correctly with 411.