5.    Email and Web Address

Your business should have its own email address and business web site with your business domain
name.      For example, if your business is “Donut Masters, Inc.” you would try to register
www.donutmasters.com or www.donut-masters.com. You can also use domains that end in .net, .biz,
.us, etc. The domain can be as low as $6.95 a year and hosting of your web site can cost as little as
$100 a year (ait.com).

6.    Licenses

You must obtain a business license and, if applicable, a tax resale license in the State and possibly
County or City where you are conducting business. Following the proper regulator guidelines for
operating your business is critical to building a favorable business credit profile.

7.    Financials

The business should have two years of financial statements. Don’t panic or stop here if you
haven’t been in business for two years. Begin building your financial statements from the day you
started the business and keep going with this process.

How do you have two years of financials with a business entity that was just set up? If you have been
in business as a sole proprietor or partnership prior to forming your business entity, you can use
those financials. Ideally, the financials include a balance sheet and income statement for each of the
last two years. For credibility, I highly recommend that you use an accountant or CPA to prepare
your financial statements.

8.    Tax Returns

Your business entity must have a Tax ID number (EIN), just like you have a Social Security Number.
Your Tax ID number is used to open your bank account and to build your business credit profile.
Every corporate entity must file a SS-4 form with the IRS to obtain a tax identification number. This
number is vital to successfully building your business credit profile.

Make sure you have properly established both your Federal and State business tax ID numbers
under the exact business entity name.

9.    Bank References

Your business entity must have a minimum of one bank reference. It would be great if your business
bank account was at least two years old, but more importantly to place your business in a good
lending position it should have an average daily balance of at least $7,000 for the last three months.

Your business banking reflects how you manage your cash flow. Funding sources want to know that
your cash flow is capable of handling the business debt and expenses on a consistent basis.
Accounts that show NSF returned checks can be deal breakers!

If a funding request amount requires a $2,000 a month payment, funding sources will want to see at
least a "Low 5" bank rating. Your "Bank Rating" is based on your average daily minimum balance
over the last 3 months.

Here is how “Bank Rating” works. It is based on your average daily balance over the past three (3)
months, so your rating would be: