11.   Trade References

MAKE SURE YOU HAVE COMPLETED ALL TEN (10) STEPS ABOVE BEFORE THIS STEP.

You know have all the steps to build an excellent business credit profile, FREE of charge. But you
must do the steps! Our goal is to relieve you of having to personally guarantee every level of your
business funding. To do that you must reach a PayDex Score of at least 75.

PayDex is a "1 to 100" score calculated by using up to 875 payment "experiences" from your trade
references reporting how your company pays its bills. Below is the PayDex Score Key, with a score of
75 or above being your goal.

      100     Early to 30 days
      90      Early to 10 days
      80      Paid as agreed
      75      Slow to 8 days
      70      Slow to 15 days
      60      Slow to 22 days
      50      Slow to 30 days
      40      Slow to 60 days
      30      Slow to 90 days
      20      Slow to 120 days

In order to reach your goal you will need to have at least five (5) trade references "reporting" to D&B
that you pay no more than one week slow or better. Trade references are vendors who extend credit
to your business. An example is the print shop that gives you "Net 30" day payment terms. Net 30
means you have been allowed 30 days from the date of delivery to make your payment.

Your business entity is going to need five (5) trade references that have given you a credit account
and report a favorable credit history to the credit reporting agencies. This can be one of the most
difficult steps in the credit building process. Don’t worry and don’t stop here!

Trade references are just vendors. Check with all of your suppliers and ask them to give you Net
15/30 day payment terms and report your payment history to Dun and Bradstreet.

Establishing at least five (5) favorable trade references is a major part of building your Business
Credit Profile and creating a favorable PayDex score. This is not an overnight process and should be
given a large amount of attention in order to succeed.

Getting your existing vendors enrolled and to actually report your business payment history the credit
agencies can be a very time consuming and sometimes a fruitless process. You must have at least
five (5) reporting trade credit references or you will not be building your business credit score.

If your current vendors will not report, start looking for companies that will. Always find out their
requirement and prices for reporting your credit history. Once you have filed out their credit
applications, you should pay your bills on time or you will not build an excellent business credit score.
Don’t waste your time and money if this isn’t your goal.

There are services that tell you this can be done in a month, IT CAN’T. They charge up to
$2,000 to have their vendors report “excellent” payment histories on your business even
though you have just started with them. THAT IS FRAUD! DON’T DO IT!