12.    Retail Credit Accounts

Many retailers such as Lowes, Home Depot, Staples, Dillards, OfficeMax, ARCO, Exxon, etc. will
issue you a business credit card. However, without knowing their credit issuing criteria you will be
fumbling around in the dark.

BUILDING BUSINESS CREDIT AND FINDING FINANCING SOURCES

Does this all sound like a huge amount of work?

Having an excellent Business Credit Score will open up a world of new financing opportunities for
your business. It will open up more funding programs to you in the future and you may not have to
personally guarantee every deal.

Building good business credit is just like building good personal credit, it takes work and you
need to pay your bills on time.

In the twelve (12) steps, above you were given all you need to know about building a great and
separate business credit score.

If you follow the steps by yourself, it will most likely take you about 6 to 9 months to have a fairly good
score and about two (2) years to have an excellent one where your business can stand alone for all
it’s credit needs.

The reasons businesses don't find funding are …
   • They don't know which funding sources offer what they need.
   • They don't know how to pre-qualify themselves before they apply.

So how do you successfully fund your business? You must...
   • Know the funding source's exact criteria for approval before you apply.

Did you search our other free business resource databases?
      Business Information Centers (BIC)
      The Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)
      Small Business Development Centers (SBDC)
      Chambers of Commerce (over 7,400)
      Trade Associations (over 15,000)
      Economic Development Centers (over 2,000) (EDC)

We let you know that:
  • There are “Business Credit Services” that charge $2,000, DON’T USE THEM.
  • Dun and Bradstreet charges $499 just to set up a business credit file, DON’T PAY IT.
  • Brokers charge up to $5,000 to just package your deal, DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY.

REMEMBER TO SAY THANK YOU TO THOSE WHO HELPED

Along your entrepreneurial journey, take the time to thank those who help you. If you will treat others
the way you would like to be treated, you will find that people will go out of their way to help you. I
have tried my best to give you the benefit of my knowledge and experience.

Remember to keep your priorities straight, honor your promises and most importantly that money
does not buy happiness. No tombstone ever says “I wish I had worked more”.