                            Tips For Writing Effective
                              Credit Repair Letters

1.     Keep Simple And Clear
When you write a dispute letter, always write it in simple manner. Succinctly describe the
problem you try to resolve. How the problem has affected your ability to get credit, employment,
insurance. How the problem potentially cause you to suffer some specific financial loss, such as
reject credit, mortgage, get higher interest, etc.

Why you think the items you are disputing are wrong. Give number of specific reasons. Don’t
provide details that will only confuse the situation. Only provide information that can help you
resolve the problem. Never show anything you are unsure about what you want to do with the
negative entries.

2.     Keep Short
You should dispute no more than 4-5 items at a time. Don’t write a letter that is more than a
page long. Your letter is first read by a lower-level employee called the "checker".

If your letter is too long, complex or vague, the checker may write you back telling you that your
dispute is frivolous, or send you a letter asking for more information. Remember, credit bureaus
are bombarded with more than 10,000 letters a day.

3.     Be Creative
Create and utilize techniques that help further the idea that the dispute letter is from a truly
wronged and disadvantaged consumer. If there is a negative item that you want removed from
your credit, such as a bankruptcy, charge off or collection account, you may want to write that
this is NOT your account and you want it removed immediately.

If the account is now paid off, but was seriously past due at one time, DO NOT write that it's not
your account. Instead, write that it is your account but was NEVER past due and you need it
updated. You should say that everything has always been current.

Send disputes during busy times of the year. For Example: The first to middle of November can
cause a delay in verification because of Thanksgiving. Christmas rush for the creditor and the
bureau can catch them before they can thoroughly investigate within a reasonable time

According to law, the credit bureau must response your request with 30 days, if they cannot get
verification from the creditor, most likely they will straight up your credit record.



