4.     Be Polite
Your first one or two disputes should be friendly and polite. Just like any other consumer, you
can become frustrated and threatening as time passes. You may threaten to hire an attorney, you
may threaten to complain to the FTC and your state's attorney general, etc.

But don’t rude. Don’t overdo it.

5.     Always Provide & Keep Documentations

 Provide the documentations you believe that can verify your statements. If your payments were
not credited to your account, then you’ll need copies of cashed checks or bank statements.
But, never send originals.

Provide full information that the credit bureau can contact you. Be sure to place your mailing
address, home phone, and phone on every piece of correspondence.

Always keep a copy of your completed investigation request form, dispute letter, and backup
documentation. They provide you with the records of what you said and when you said it. Also,
the date on letter will let you know when you should have heard back from the credit bureaus.

6.     Write Letter By Yourself

Always remember that if the dispute is sent in from anyone other than you, the credit bureau will
suspect that you have paid someone to repair your credit. This raises all sorts of Red Flags.
It is imperative that you let credit bureaus believe you are working alone and trying to fix a real
legitimate mistake.

To get the very best results, if possible, you may write all of your letters by hand because it
looks like more personalized. The credit bureau tends to take it more serious than typewrite
letter. Now, many credit-repair consultants now have all of their letters written by hand in the
very same simple style.

7.     NEVER Give Credit Bureaus More Information Than They Need
Always include all information that credit bureau require, but NEVER give credit bureaus more
information than they need!

The bureaus have a right to request a copy of your social security card, but only give a copy of
the front. They also may request a copy of something showing your address if it is different than
what is showing on the report. Send them only billing statement that has your address. Do not
send them a copy of your driver’s license or as they request.

Remember the credit bureaus are information-gathering companies who sell your information,
not only for credit, but also for promotional reasons.

