8.     Always Be Persistent And Never Give Up

It is possible the credit bureaus reject your request, the very first thing you should do is be
persistent and never give up. Be more insistent.

Don’t be upset. It could be the common delay strategy that credit bureau often used. It could be
you lack of enough documents to support your case. Try to find additional documentations that
will help your case.

Write your second or even third dispute letter. In your letter, again states what the problem is,
why you believe the item you disputing is wrong and how the problem affect your ability to get
credit, obtain mortgage, or get insurance, using stronger words.

Stick to your story no matter. Don’t show any signs of weakness or hesitancy in your letter. If
you give them such impression that the disputing item is POSTIVELY and 100% wrong, most
like the credit bureau clear up your record rather than spending more time and money to
investigate the individual issue.

People who have successfully cleaned their credit report say that they have denied a bankruptcy
or judgment and have received verification from the credit bureau that it was in public record.
They denied a second time and some even a third time, and finally the credit bureau deleted the
bankruptcy from the report.

So do not get discouraged! Patience and persistence are important keys to incredible success in
repairing a damaged credit report.

9.     Do Not Bombard The Credit Bureaus With Disputes
Sending one dispute right after another is wasteful and counterproductive. You may wind up
alienating the credit bureau so that they hold up your progress.

As you submit one dispute after another, it may become increasingly difficult to get the checker
to initiate an investigation. The checker is only interested in investigating disputes that “truly”
are erroneous and damaging. Again, because the credit bureaus are flooded with requests, they
tend to give priority to those that seem most urgent.

Also remember, that credit repair is a time-consuming operation requiring great patience. The
rule of thumb is to wait 60 days between disputes of the same listing.

10.    Sign Your Letter And Send It By Return Receipt Certified Mail
Make sure to sign each letter before you send it on. An unsigned letter is an unofficial document
that no one takes seriously, and often times is easily tossed in the garbage. Send the letter along
with other support documentations through certified/return receipt mail. It will greatly
increases your chance of a response.


