17.    Notification Of Lawsuit Letter Against Credit Bureau


Customer Service
<Credit bureau Name>
<Credit Bureau Address>

Dear Customer Service of <Name of Credit Bureau>:

Enclosed is a copy of the lawsuit that I filed against you in (name of county you are living) court
on <date of lawsuit you filed>. Currently the Pre-trail Conference is scheduled for <date pre-trial
date> in courtroom <courtroom number>. The case number is <case #>.

The reason the lawsuit was filed was due to a completely inadequate response from your
company. When someone is the victim of identity theft, it is simply a nightmare trying to get
false information removed from a credit file. I have contacted all of the false creditors listed on
my credit file. I have challenged all of the false listings on my credit file. Nothing ever happens
to fix the situation.

Over 90 days ago I wrote each the creditors in question and demanded proof that I am their
customer. I asked for proof of the alleged debt, including specifically the alleged contract or
other instrument bearing my signature.

So far none of them has been able to provide such proof to me. I have sent follow-up letters to
each of them and there is still no proof. I have attempted phone contact, but I simply get
transferred around and nothing ever gets accomplished.

I have copies of the certified letters and dates prepared to bring to court on <date of pre-trial>.
Also, under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, these disputed items should not appear on my credit
report if they cannot be supported by any evidence.

Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, if they cannot verify the debt within 30 days, then it must
be removed. Your letters to me claim to have ‘verified’ the debt, but this is in fact not true under
law.

Simply contacting the alleged creditor and asking them to match up numbers in their database is
no sufficient verification for identity theft. Of course the information matches up. Someone
clearly used my information without my authorization.

Now I am suing <name of credit bureau> for being such a pain in the posterior to me. I have
provided more than sufficient evidence to get these false accounts removed.


