



                    How to Build Credit for Your EIN
                    That’s Not Linked to Your SSN
                    Business Credit is credit obtained in a Business Name. With business
                    credit, the Business builds its own credit profile and credit score. With
                    an established credit profile and score, the business will then qualify
                    for credit. This credit is based on the business’s ability to pay, and not
                    the business owners. Since the business qualifies for the credit, in some
                    cases there is no personal credit check required from the business
                    owner.
                    You must actively work to build business credit.
                    But it can be done easily and quickly – much faster than building
                    consumer credit scores. The vendor credit tier is a big part of this
                    process. If you try to do the steps out of order, you will be turned down
                    repeatedly. Fortunately, we know the steps to take. And we know the
                    order in which you need to take them.
                    There are a ton of benefits that business credit provides, including that
                    a credit profile can be built for a business that is completely separate
                    from the business owner’s personal credit profile. This gives business
                    owners DOUBLE the borrowing power as they have both Personal and
                    Business credit profiles built.
                    Business credit scores are based only on whether the business pays its
                    bills on time. A business owner can obtain credit much faster using
                    their business credit profile versus their personal credit profile. Approval
                    limits are much higher on business accounts versus personal accounts
                    which are yet another benefit. Per SBA, credit limits on business cards
                    are usually 10 – 100 times higher than consumer credit.
                                                              The business can use its credit to qualify for
                                                              retail credit tier cards like Staples, Lowes,
                                                              Sam’s Club, Costco, BP, Wal-Mart, even
                                                              MasterCard, Visa, and AMEX. The business
                                                              can also qualify for credit lines and loans.
                                                              When done correctly, Business Credit can
                                                              be built without a personal credit check.



2