



     Business credit can quickly be obtained regardless of personal credit
     quality. Plus most business credit can be obtained without the owner
     taking on personal liability, or a personal guarantee. This means in case
     of default, the business owner’s personal assets can’t be pursued.
     Even though most don’t know this, when a business owner applies
     for financing, their business credit IS reviewed. Not having established
     business credit will get an owner DECLINED for financing. There are no
     regulations that require lenders to notify the business owner of their
     reason for denial, so most never know.
     One last benefit: business credit determines the rate and term someone
     pays and how much they’ll get approval for.

     Business Credit Building Step 1– Building
     Business Fundability
     The perception lenders, vendors, and credit
     issuers have of your business will be critical
     to your ability to build strong business
     credit. Before applying for business credit,
     a business must insure it meets or exceeds
     all lender legitimacy standards. There
     are over 20 legitimacy points necessary
     for a business to have a strong, credible
     foundation.
     It is very important that you use your exact business legal name.
     Your full business name should include any recorded DBA filing you
     will be using. Insure your business name is exactly the same on your
     corporation papers, licenses, and bank statements.
     You can build business credit with almost any corporate entity type.
     But if you truly want to separate business credit from personal credit,
     your business must be a separate legal entity and not a sole proprietor
     or partnership. Unless you have a separate business entity (Corporation
     or LLC) you might be doing business but you are not truly a business.
     You need to be a Corporation or an LLC in order to separate personal
     from business.
     Your business entity will also matter for taxes, and for liability in the



                                                                                                                                       3