



                    event of a lawsuit.
                    Whether you have employees or not, your business entity must have
                    a Federal Tax ID number (EIN). Just like you have a Social Security
                    Number, your business has an EIN. Your Tax ID number is used to open
                    your bank account and to build your business credit profile. Take the
                    time to verify that all agencies, banks, and trade credit vendors have
                    your business listed with the same Tax ID number.
                    Your business address must be a real brick and mortar building, a
                    deliverable physical address. It cannot be a home address, or a PO Box,
                    or a UPS address. Some lenders will not approve and fund unless this
                    criterion is met.
                                          You must have a dedicated business phone
                                          number that is listed with 411 directory
                                          assistance, under the business name. Lenders,
                                          vendors, credit issuers, and even insurance
                                          providers will verify that your business is
                                          listed with 411. A toll-free number will give
                                          your business legitimacy, but you must have
                    a LOCAL business number for the listing with 411 directory assistance.
                    Lenders perceive 800 numbers or other toll-free phone numbers as a
                    sign of business legitimacy. Even if you're a single owner with a home-
                    based business, a toll-free number provides the perception that you
                    are an even bigger company. It’s incredibly easy and inexpensive to set
                    up a virtual local phone number or a toll free 800 number.
                    A cell or home phone number as your main business line could get
                    you flagged as an unestablished business that is too high of a risk.
                    DON'T give a personal cell phone or residential phone as the business
                    phone number. You can forward a virtual number to any cell or land
                    line phone number.
                    Credit providers will research your company on the internet. It is best
                    if they learned everything directly from your company website. Not
                    having a company website will severely hurt your chances of obtaining
                    business credit. There are many places online that offer affordable
                    business websites so you can have an internet presence that displays
                    an overview of your company's services and contact information.




4