



     It is important to get a company email address for your business. It's
     not only professional, but it also greatly helps your chances of getting
     the thumbs up from a credit provider. Setting up a business email
     address is just too easy and inexpensive to neglect.
     One of the most common mistakes when building credit for your
     company is nonmatching business addresses on your business licenses.
     Even worse is when you don’t have the required licenses for your type of
     business to operate legally. You will need to contact the State, County,
     and City Government offices to see if there are any required licenses
     and permits to operate your type of business.
     State business, county license and/or permit, city license and/or permit
     and IRS filings listed correctly. Take the time to verify that main agencies
     (State, IRS, Bank, and 411 national directory) have your business listed
     the same way and with your Exact Legal Name. Also take the time to
     ensure every bill you get (power bill, phone bill, landlord, etc.) has the
     business name listed correctly and comes to the business address.

     Business Credit Building Step 2– Getting Your
     Business Credit Reports
     Go to the D&B website and get your free D-U-N-S number. This is
     how D&B gets your company into their system, in order to generate a
     PAYDEX score. If you have no D-U-N-S number, then there is no record
     and there can be no PAYDEX score.
     Business Credit reports are offered by Experian, Dun & Bradstreet, and
     Equifax. You will first want to get a copy of your business credit reports
     to see what is being reported before you start your business credit
     building.
     You can visit www.creditsuite.com/reports to access your business
     credit reports with Experian, Equifax, and Dun & Bradstreet.

     Business Credit Monitoring
     Know what is happening with your credit.
     Make sure it is being reported. Address
     errors as soon as possible. Get in the habit
     of checking credit reports and digging into
     details, not just scores.


                                                                                                                                       5