



     Business Credit Building Step 3 – Getting to
     the Vendor Credit Tier
     A business credit report can be started much the same as a consumer
     report commonly is, with small credit cards. The business can be
     approved for small credit cards to help them build an initial credit
     profile. These types of initial cards in the business world are commonly
     referred to as the vendor credit tier.
     You must start a business credit profile and score with starter vendors.
     Starter vendors are ones who will give you initial credit even if you have
     no credit, no score, or no trade lines now. Most stores like Staples will
     NOT give you initial starter credit so DON’T even try applying. Most
     stores will NOT approve a business owner for business credit unless
     the owner has an established credit profile and score, just like in the
     consumer world. Vendor credit tier accounts must be used first to
     establish a profile and score, and then store credit can be obtained. It
     usually takes only 90 days or less to establish a score and profile with
     trade lines.
     A vendor line of credit is when a company (vendor) extends a line of
     credit to your business on Net 15, 30, 60 or 90 day terms. This means
     that you can purchase their products or services up to a maximum
     dollar amount and you have 15, 30, 60 or 90 days to pay the bill in full.
     So if you're set up on Net 30 terms and were to purchase $300 worth
     of goods today, then that $300 is due within the next 30 days.
     Always apply first without using your SSN. Some vendors will request
     it and some will even tell you on the phone they need to have it, but
     submit first without it. Most credit issuers will approve you without
     your SSN if your EIN credit is strong enough. If your EIN credit is not
     good enough, you might be declined and they then might ask for your
     SSN. No matter what ANY credit representative tells you, credit CAN
     be obtained based on your EIN only.
     When your first Net 30 account reports your trade line to Dun &
     Bradstreet, the DUNS system will automatically activate your file if it
     isn't already. This is also true for Experian and Equifax.
     You need to have a total of at least five (5) Net 30 day pay accounts
     reporting, and eight (8) is even better. Some vendors require an initial



                                                                                                                                       7