



                    prepaid order before they can approve your business for terms. Your
                    vendors do not necessarily have to serve 100% of your business needs.

                    Starter Vendor #1: Uline Shipping Supplies
                    Find them online at uline.com. They sell shipping,
                    packing, and industrial supplies, and they report to
                    D&B. You must have a D-U-N-S number, 2 references,
                    and a bank reference. Your first few orders may need
                    to be prepaid to initially get approved for Net 30 terms.

                    Starter Vendor #2: Quill
                    Find them online at quill.com. They sell office, packaging, and cleaning
                    supplies. They report to D&B and Experian. With reports to 2 separate
                    credit reporting agencies, you get 2 credit experiences with them! You
                    must place an initial order first unless your D&B score is established.
                    Usually they put you on a 90 day prepayment schedule. If you order
                    items each month for 3 months, they typically approve you for a Net
                    30 Account.

                    Starter Vendor #3: Gempler’s
                    Find them online at: gemplers.com. They sell work supplies and
                    products. They report to Dun and Bradstreet. Place your initial order
                    for over $50 and select the Invoice me option. Then they will pull your
                    credit. If you are not approved, then make sure to prepay for the order.
                    Keep purchasing and choosing the Invoice me option until you are
                    approved for a Net 30 account.

                    Non-Reporting Trade Accounts
                    While you do want trade accounts to report to at
                    least one of the credit reporting agencies, a trade
                    account that does not report can still be of some
                    value. You can ask non-reporting accounts for
                    trade references. Plus credit accounts can help
                    you to better even out your business expenditures,
                    making budgeting easier. These are companies like PayPal Credit,
                    T-Mobile, and Best Buy.




8