



     Business Credit Building Step 4 – Getting to
     the Retail Credit Tier
     After 5 trade lines are established under the vendor credit tier,
     obtaining retail credit tier accounts is the next step. Retail credit tier
     accounts are cards have revolving terms. Therefore, a business owner
     can use these cards and not be required to pay the full balance owed
     each month.
     Retail credit tier account approvals will begin coming from stores.
     Retail credit tier credit must be obtained before the business owner
     starts getting Visa, MC, Amex, type cards. Most stores will NOT
     approve a business owner for business credit unless the owner has an
     established credit profile and score, just like in the consumer world.
     Vendor credit tier accounts must be used first to establish a profile and
     score, and then retail credit tier cards can be obtained. It usually takes
     only 90 days or less to establish a score and profile with trade lines.
     Most major retail stores offer business credit accounts, although they
     don’t promote that they do. Major retailers including Walmart, Target,
     Best Buy, Amazon, Sam’s Club, Costco, Staples, Office Depot, Lowes,
     Home Depot, BP, Chevron, and most other retailers all offer business
     credit. And most of these retailers will approve you for new credit once
     you have a credit profile established, have a good business credit
     score that results from you paying your bills as agreed, and once you
     have 5 payment experiences or more established on your business
     credit profile.
     One example is Lowes. They report to D&B, Equifax and Business
     Experian. They want your company to have a D-U-N-S number and a
     PAYDEX score of 78 or better.

     Business Credit Building Step 5 – Getting to
     the Fleet Credit Tier
     With 8 – 10 accounts reporting, you can move onto the fleet credit tier.
     These are companies like BP and Conoco. This kind of credit is used to
     buy, repair, and maintain vehicles. Apply with your EIN and not your
     Social Security number.




                                                                                                                                       9