



                     One example is Shell. They report to D&B and Business Experian. They
                     want your business to have a PAYDEX score of 78 or better, and a 411
                     business phone listing. They might say they want a certain amount of
                     time in business or revenue. But if you already have enough trade lines,
                     that won’t be necessary and you can still get an approval.

                     Business Credit Building Step 6 – Getting to
                     the Cash Credit Tier
                     Once 10 total accounts are on the credit
                     report, an owner can then start applying
                     for the cash credit tier. This is Visa, MC,
                     Amex type credit. Approval amounts will
                     be equivalent to the highest credit limit
                     account on the business report. Try to have
                     10 accounts with at least one of them having
                     a $10k high limit. It is essential to keep using the credit, keep applying
                     for more, and talk with credit providers to raise credit limits. If you do
                     this, business credit will keep growing until higher limit credit lines
                     are obtained, within 6 – 12 months.
                     One example is the Fuelman MasterCard. They report to D&B and
                     Equifax Business. They want your business to have a PAYDEX score of
                     78 or better, and 10 trade lines reporting on your D&B report. They will
                     also want to see a $10,000 high credit limit reporting on D & B report
                     (other account reporting), and yours will need to be an established
                     business.

                     Additional Retail Companies in the Retail Credit Tier
                     These are companies like Walmart and Dell, and also Home Depot,
                     BP, and Racetrac. These are often MasterCard credit cards. If you have
                     fourteen (14) trade accounts reporting, then these are within your
                     reach.

                     Business Credit Building is Well Worth It
                     Building business credit is truly as easy as building consumer credit,
                     once you know the proper steps to take. Now you know the 4 essential
                     steps to take to build business credit that’s linked to your EIN and not
                     your SSN. Now the next step is to take action on the first step and make


10