



                                                                       1



        Copyright © 2015 InspireVantage Pte Ltd

        All rights reserved
        Published by Winter Vee.

        No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
        transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopied, recorded,
        scanned, or otherwise, except as permitted under Canadian copyright law, without the
        prior written permission of the author.

        Notes to the Reader:
        While the author and publisher of this book have made reasonable efforts to ensure the
        accuracy and timeliness of the information contained herein, the author and publisher
        assume no liability with respect to losses or damages caused, or alleged to be caused, by
        any reliance on any information contained herein and disclaim any and all warranties,
        expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or reliability of said information.

        The publisher and the author make no representations or warranties with respect to the
        accuracy or completeness of the contents of this work and specifically disclaim all
        warranties. The advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for every
        situation. It is the complete responsibility of the reader to ensure they are adhering to
        all local, regional and national laws.

        This publication is designed to provide accurate and authoritative information in regard
        to the subject matter covered. It is sold with the understanding that neither the author
        nor the publisher is engaged in rendering professional services. If legal, accounting,
        medical, psychological, or any other expert assistance is required, the services of a
        competent professional should be sought.

        The words contained in this text which are believed to be trademarked, service marked,
        or to otherwise hold proprietary rights have been designated as such by the use of initial
        capitalization. Inclusion, exclusion, or definition of a word or term is not intended to
        affect, or to express judgment upon the validity of legal status of any proprietary right
        which may be claimed for a specific word or term.

        The fact that an organization or website is referred to in this work as a citation and/or
        potential source of further information does not mean that the author or publisher
        endorses the information the organization or website may provide or the
        recommendations it may make. Further, readers should be aware that the websites
        listed in this work may have changed or disappeared between when this work was
        written and when it is read.

        Individual results may vary.


                                                                                                     2

          Contents




        Introduction ............................................................................................................... 4

        Chapter 1 - First Things First - Your Credit Report ................................................... 6

        Chapter 2 - FICO and You ........................................................................................ 19

        Chapter 3 - Next Things Next - Finding Your Score ................................................ 22

        Chapter 4 - Establishing Good Credit ...................................................................... 25

        Chapter 5 - Repairing Your Credit Score ................................................................. 29

        Chapter 6 - Bankruptcy ........................................................................................... 34

           Chapter 7 .............................................................................................................. 35

           Chapter 13 ............................................................................................................ 37

           Chapter 11 ............................................................................................................ 40

        Chapter 7 - Credit Counselors and Debt Consolidators ......................................... 41

        Chapter 8 - Mistakes Can Be Made......................................................................... 41

        Chapter 9 - Identity Theft and Your Credit ............................................................. 41

        Chapter 10 - Raising Your Credit Score ................................................................... 41

        Chapter 11 - To Review ........................................................................................... 41

        Recommended Resources ....................................................................................... 41




                                                                                                                                         3

        Introduction



        We are a country in debt. Not only is our government in debt, but we, as
        Americans, are in debt ourselves, and the problem is just getting worse! Recent
        studies have shown that ninety percent of Americans have at least one credit
        card – and they are using that card – A LOT!

        The average family carries a balance of between $7,000 and $10,000 on all their
        credit cards. Over $1,000 per family goes on interest every year. And that’s just
        the average – some people owe much more!

        Overall, Americans spend over $1 trillion every year on their credit cards, and
        owe more than $500 billion of it. If debt continues at the current rate, then one
        family in a hundred will be forced into bankruptcy. Over 90% of Americans’
        disposable incomes are spent paying back debts.

                                                       When you add credit card debt to the regular
                                                       bills we have to pay each month, which can
                                                       tax anyone’s budget. As a result, some bills
                                                       go unpaid and others are paid late.



                                                       Both of these instances can damage your
                                                       credit sometimes so much that you think
                                                       there’s no way you’ll ever be able to get out
                                                       of debt and get credit for something
                                                       important like a home or a car.

        The truth is that you can get out of debt and repair your credit nearly to what it
        was before you had credit problems. It takes some time and a little work on your
        part, but it IS possible.

        Loan approvals and such depend on your credit score. That number is what
        determines if you can get credit, what your interest rate will be, and how much
        money potential lenders will give you. A good median score is 750, but the
        higher your score is, the more financially sound you are.



                                                                                                       4




        While it’s always a good idea to try and stay away from credit, not everyone has a
        hundred thousand dollars lying around to buy a home or twenty thousand to buy
        a car.

        Heck, for some people, scraping together five thousand dollars for a good used
        car is difficult. That’s why we need credit. So we can buy that which we cannot
        afford.

        Where the trouble comes in is when people begin to buy everyday items such as
        groceries and clothing on credit cards. Then those bills begin to get bigger and
        bigger until pretty soon, they’re paying the minimum amount due which will take
        forever to pay off. Plus, a lot of people just continue charging things even when
        they have a large balance on their account.

        Your credit score defines who you are to businesses and you want it to be as high
        as it can be. It doesn’t matter how bad your credit is now. There are ways that
        you can raise your credit score no matter how low it is now. Don’t despair; just
        get started – right away!




                                                                                             5

       Chapter           1 Simple
       Credit Score Secrets: - First
                                  Tricks To Things          First - Your Credit Report
                                            Scoring 750 Or Higher



        The very first step you need to take when trying to raise your credit score is to
        find out what your score is and what it means. Legislation called the FACT Act
        was passed that allows all Americans to get one free copy of their credit report
        every year. This report lists all of your debts you’ve had and your payment
        history on those debts.

        It will tell you where you owe money, how much you owe, and how you pay (on
        time, 30 days late, etc.). All of that information is compiled together and then
        analyzed.

        After the analysis, a number is assigned to you as to what your credit fitness level
        is. Potential creditors then look at your credit score and decide if you are going
        to be able to pay back the amount of money you are requesting to borrow.

        That’s the short version. Actually, there is much, much more involved in
        determining your credit score. However, what should be important to you knows
        how to read your credit report and how to raise that score so that you are able to
        get the things you need. Remember that – the things you NEED, not the things
        you WANT!

        Let’s start with how to get your credit report in the first place. There are three
        major credit reporting agencies that will offer you the one free credit report you
        get each year. They are Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax. You can contact each
        of them directly in the following ways:

        Equifax – Online, you can find them at www.equifax.com. You can also order
        your free credit report by mail. However, they only offer this option for free to
        residents in the states of Colorado, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts,
        New Jersey, and Vermont. All other states are required to pay a $10 fee.

        If you do want to do this by mail, send your request to Equifax Information
        Services, LLC; Disclosure Department; P.O. Box 740241; Atlanta, GA 30374. You
        can also call them at 1-800-685-1111.




                                                                                               6




        TransUnion – Their web address is www.transunion.com. As with Equifax, you
        can also make your request via mail by getting a copy of their mail request form
        online and sending it to the address provided. You can also call them at 1-877-
        322-8228.

        Experian – www.experian.com is where you can make a request for a credit
        report from this credit reporting agency. As with TransUnion, you will need to
        download a form from their website if you wish to request your credit report by
        mail. By phone you can call 888 397 3742.

        There are also a myriad of websites who will also allow you to download your
        free credit report from their websites, but they ultimately will just be forwarding
        you to one of the above websites anyway. However, they are worth checking out
        for the information that you can find on them. Here are a few:

                 www.annualcreditreport.com
                 www.freecreditreport.com
                 www.creditreport.com
                 www.freecreditreportinstantly.com

        The main thing is that you will want to get your free credit report in order to find
        out where you stand and how far you have to go to repair your credit. Most of
        the time when you download your credit report, you will be able to view and
        save it instantly. Save it to your computer’s “My Documents” file if you can. That
        way you’ll be able to print it out and refer to it as much as you need.

        Also, some of these sites offer low-cost memberships that will alert you if a new
        item comes onto your credit report. Their services will offer many different
        things, but purchasing a membership is strictly voluntary and probably not
        necessary if you want the straight truth.

        Once you get a copy of your credit report, it’s important to know how to read it.
        There are going to be an awful lot of numbers, abbreviations and terms you've
        never seen before. Trade lines, charge-offs, account review inquiries -- how do
        you read this thing?


                                                                                               7




        Even though you get one free credit
        report each year, experts suggest that if
        you are serious about improving your
        credit score, you need to examine a
        report from each of the three major
        credit reporting agencies. This will,
        however cost you a small fee from the
        other two, so keep that in mind. Why
        do they suggest you have all three?
        Creditors can pick and choose which
        credit reporting agency they want
        to report to.

        Some will report to all three, but many won’t. You may find that what is included
        on one report isn’t on another. The reports will have different information
        because it's a voluntary system, and creditors subscribe to whichever agency they
        want - if any at all.

        A credit report is basically divided into four sections: identifying information,
        credit history, public records and inquiries.

        Identifying information is just that -- information to identify you. Look at it closely
        to make sure it's accurate. It's not unusual for there to be two or three spellings
        of your name or more than one Social Security number. That's usually because
        someone reported the information that way. The variations will stay on your
        credit report. If it's reported wrong, leave it because it might mess up the link.
        Don't be concerned about variations.

        Other information in this section might include your current and previous
        addresses, your date of birth, telephone numbers, driver's license numbers, your
        employer and your spouse's name. The data in this section is often used to verify
        your identity or to confirm that the information you provided for an application is
        accurate. Small variations in this data between the three bureaus are normal as
        each agency may have their own recording procedures.



                                                                                                  8




        The personal information section of your credit report may also include a
        "consumer statement." This is a statement that you asked the credit reporting
        agencies to add to your report. Commonly, this statement is used to explain a
        record on your report.

        For example, "The Smith Bank account from 2004 was a shared account with my
        ex-husband." This statement does not impact your credit score but may help you
        clarify a situation to a potential creditor or lender and improve your chances to
        obtain credit.

        The next section is your credit history. Sometimes, the individual accounts are
        called trade lines. Each account will include the name of the creditor and the
        account number, which may be scrambled for security purposes.

        You may have more than one account from a creditor. Many creditors have more
        than one kind of account, or if you move, they transfer your account to a new
        location and assign a new number. The entry will also include:

                 When you opened the account
                 The kind of credit (installment, such as a mortgage or car loan, or revolving,
                 such as a department store credit card).
                 Whether the account is in your name alone or with another person.
                 Total amount of the loan, high credit limit or highest balance on the card.
                 How much you still owe.
                 Fixed monthly payments or minimum monthly amount.
                 Status of the account (open, inactive, closed, paid, etc.).
                 How well you've paid the account.

        On Experian's report, your payment history is written in plain English -- never
        pays late, typically pays 30 days late, etc. Other comments might include internal
        collection and charged off or default. Charged off means the creditor has given
        up, thrown in the towel.




                                                                                                  9




        Basically, the company has made efforts to collect the debt, realized that it’s not
        going to be paid, and subsequently wrote it off.

        Other reports use payment codes ranging from 1 to 9; an R1 or I1 on a report is
        an indication of a good payment history on a revolving or installment account.
        Often, the code key will be listed on the report so you can better understand
        what the codes mean, but they may not.

        Credit accounts are divided into five categories: real estate, installment,
        revolving, collection and other. Here is a better description of each category:

                 Real Estate: First and second mortgage loans on your home.
                 Installment: Accounts comprised of fixed terms with regular payments,
                 such as a car loan.
                 Revolving: Accounts with opened terms with varying payments, such as a
                 credit card account.
                 Collection: Accounts seriously past due that have been assigned to an
                 attorney or collection agency.
                 Other: Accounts where the exact category is unknown. This could include
                 30-day accounts, such as an American Express card.


        Your credit report lists a summary of the details and terms for each account. This
        summary includes information about the account number, condition, balance,
        type and pay status for each account. The summary for collection records is
        slightly different.




                                                                                              10




        The following information is for real estate, installment, revolving and other type
        records:

                 Creditor: The official account name. This name may be different than you
                 expect if your account is managed by a larger financial corporation.
                 Account Number: This is an identifying number for your account.
                 Typically, this would be a credit card number for a credit card account or a
                 loan identification number for a mortgage.
                     o A portion of the number is hidden for security reasons. A partial
                       account number is all that is needed to file a dispute about the
                       record.
                 Condition: This is the account’s status as open or closed, according to the
                 most recent update from your creditor.
                 Balance: The amount you presently owe on the account based on the last
                 reported activity. Very recent activities may not yet have appeared in the
                 bureaus’ computer system so this balance may be a few days out-of-date.
                 Type: The account's specific type. Some common types are real estate,
                 automobile, educational and credit card accounts.
                 Pay Status: The account's payment status, according to the most recent
                 update from your creditor.
                                                                       For each account, the report also
                                                                       displays an illustrated payment
                                                                       history over the last 24 months.
                                                                       There will be a key at the top of
                                                                       this section describes each
                                                                       payment history symbol and what
                                                                       it indicates for your account.
                                                                       Green boxes marked "OK" show
                                                                       that your payment was made on
                                                                       time.




                                                                                                           11




        Most credit reports also give you more in-depth information about specific
        accounts. This is also an important part of the credit report you’ll want to review
        for accuracy.

        The following information may be reported for your account in this section:

                 Past Due: The amount of payment overdue as of the most recent
                 reported activity. Very recent payments may take a few days to appear on
                 your credit report.
                 High Balance: The most you have ever owed on this account. In the case
                 of a credit card, this is the highest balance you've ever charged. For a
                 mortgage, it is the initial amount of the mortgage.
                 Terms: This is the number of payments you have scheduled with a
                 creditor. Most commonly this applies to loan accounts. For example, an
                 auto loan may have a repayment plan scheduled over 36 months and a
                 home loan may have a repayment plan scheduled over 360 months.
                 Limits: For a credit card or other revolving account, this is the maximum
                 amount you are approved to borrow.
                 Payment: This is the minimum amount you are required to pay each
                 month toward the account.
                 Opened: The date the account was opened.
                 Reported: The last date when any activity for this account was shown.
                 Activities include payments, credit card billings and changes in your terms.
                 Very recent activity may not yet show on your account, since it takes time
                 for it to appear in the credit reporting agency's system.
                 Responsibility: This indicates your responsibility for the account. For
                 example individual, joint or co-signer.
                 Late Payments: A summary of your 30, 60 and 90 day late payments over
                 the past 7 years. Please note that the figures in the seven year history
                 include any late payments shown in the two-year history.
                 Remarks: Notes about the status or condition of your account.



                                                                                                12




        Collection accounts are accounts that are seriously past due and have been
        transferred to an attorney, collection agency or creditor's internal collection
        agency. As your debt is transferred between different agencies, you may see
        several records on your report for the same debt.

        Only one record should be marked as open at a time. All the collection records
        and the original debt record will expire from your credit report at the same time.
        Collection records use a unique summary format on your credit report:

                 Creditor Name: The official name of the company that is currently
                 attempting to collect the debt.
                 Account Number: An identifying number for your account with the
                 collection agency. This is not the same as the account number on your
                 original debt.
                 Original Creditor: The name of the original creditor where you
                 accumulated your debt. This could be an account that is listed on your
                 credit report (such as a credit card) or an account that is not listed on your
                 report (such as a library, video rental or cell phone company). If this
                 creditor was a medical office, the name may be masked for your privacy.
                 Responsibility: This indicates your responsibility for the account. For
                 example individual, joint or co-signer.
                 Condition: The current status of your collection record. For example open,
                 closed or paid.
                 Original Balance: The amount of debt owed on the original account
                 before it was transferred.
                 Date Opened: The date the account was transferred to the collection
                 agency.
                 Date Reported: The date of the collection agency's last update to this
                 account record.




                                                                                                  13




                 Remarks: Notes about the account as reported to each credit reporting
                 agency. For example, this section may note that the collector has been
                 unable to locate you or that you have not yet paid the debt.


                                                      The next section is the part you want to be
                                                      absolutely blank. The public records section is
                                                      never a good story. If you have a public
                                                      record on there, you've had a problem that
                                                      has required litigation. It doesn't list arrests
                                                      and criminal activities; just financial-related
                                                      data, such as bankruptcies, judgments and tax
                                                      liens. Those are the monsters that will trash
                                                      your credit faster than anything else.




        Here are definitions of the eight types of public records you could see listed on
        your credit report:


                 Bankruptcy: A legal filing that relieves a person of responsibility for all or
                 some of their debts because they are unable to pay.
                 Tax Lien: A claim filed by a local, state or federal tax agency against a
                 person who owes back taxes.
                 Legal Item: A general filing. This is most commonly a judgment against
                 you in civil action.
                 Marital Item: A legal filing related to a marital or divorce issue.
                 Financial Counseling: A public record indicating that a person has
                 participated in financial counseling.
                 Financial Statement: A type of lien filed by a creditor against a person's
                 property. This can be filed when a loan is secured against personal
                 property.




                                                                                                         14




                 Foreclosure: A record indicating that a mortgaged property has been
                 taken over by the creditor because the borrower has defaulted on the loan.

                 Garnishment: A record indicating a court order to withhold some or all of
                 a person's wages to repay a debt owed to a creditor.

        The summary information listed for each of these types of public records can vary.
        Here are some definitions of common record categories:

                 Type: The type of record. For example a tax lien, bankruptcy, garnishment,
                 or judgment.
                 Status: Current status of the record. For example released, filed or
                 dismissed.
                 Date Filed/Reported: Date when the record was initially filed or created.
                 How Filed: The role that you played in the public record. Usually the
                 record is filed either individually or jointly.
                 Reference Number: Identifying number for the record.
                 Released/Closing Date: Date when the record was closed, released or
                 judgment was awarded.
                 Court: The court or legal agency that has jurisdiction over the record.
                 Plaintiff: The plaintiff in the case of a legal judgment.
                 Amount: Dollar amount of the lien or judgment.
                 Remarks: Notes regarding the public record as reported to the credit
                 bureaus.
        If the public record is a bankruptcy, three other fields will be visible.
                 Liability: The amount the court found you to be legally responsible to
                 repay.
                 Exempt Amount: The dollar amount claimed against you that the court
                 has decided you are not legally responsible for.




                                                                                              15




                 Asset Amount: The dollar amount of total personal assets used in the
                 court's decision. The Asset Amount can include items of value that can be
                 used to pay debts.


        The final section is the inquiries. That's a list of everyone who asked to see your
        credit report. Any time anyone gets into the report, it'll post an inquiry. That
        means if you try to apply for a credit card, it’s listed as an inquiry. Have you been
        shopping for a car? Every time a dealership runs a credit report, it shows. If you
        call the credit bureau and ask for a copy, it will be on there. It's a very detailed
        entry record. Generally, this is great for the consumer.

        Inquiries are divided into two sections. "Hard" inquiries are ones you initiate by
        filling out a credit application or taking your child to the orthodontist. "Soft"
        inquiries are from companies that want to send out promotional information to a
        pre-qualified group or current creditors who are monitoring your account.

        You may have heard that a large number of inquiries can have a negative impact
        on your credit score, but you're probably OK. The vast majority of inquiries are
        ignored by the FICO scoring models. They're not the steak in the steak dinner, so
        to speak.

        For instance, the model has a buffer period that ignores inquiries within 30 days
        of getting a mortgage or a car loan. It also counts two or more "hard" inquiries in
        the same 14-day period as just one inquiry. You could have 30 in two weeks and
        it only counts as one.

        However, on the other hand, having a lot of credit inquiries on your account
        could also show potential creditors that you are trying to live your life on credit
        which means you might not have the means to pay back the debt. This is
        especially true if you’ve been applying for a lot of credit cards. And there are
        always many opportunities to apply for a credit card.




                                                                                                16




        Of course, you know about all of the offers that come in the mail. They usually
        read “You’ve Been Approved!” as an enticement for filling out the application.
        This is not always true with pre-approval offers, so proceed carefully. I usually
        shred them up and forget them.

        Another time that you will be asked to apply for credit occurs in public places and
        the companies are offering products for free in exchange for a credit application.
        I was at a baseball game recently and one credit card company was offering free
        team T-shirts and all I had to do was fill out their credit card application. I didn’t
        do it, but what an enticement – especially for a fan!

        Watch out, too, when you are shopping at your favorite department stores. They
        also have store credit cards and may offer you a percentage off your purchase in
        exchange for a credit application. In general, this is not a bad idea – which we
        will talk about a little later in rebuilding your credit – because store credit cards
        are great when helping rebuilding your credit.

        The bottom line is that if you don’t need another credit card, don’t apply for one.
        It’s always good to have one on hand for emergencies, but having five or six can
        just be a temptation to spend beyond your means.

        There may also be a section on your credit report that lists creditor information.
        The creditor contact section lists the name and contact information for each
        creditor that appears on your credit report. This can also include the contact
        information for creditors that have made inquiries.




                                                                                                 17




        Each creditor's address is listed to the right of the creditor's name. When
        available, a phone number is listed for the creditor. Creditors without listed
        numbers should be contacted by mail.

        So that’s the first step – getting your credit report and going over it with a fine
        tooth comb. But where’s that magic number – your credit score? Let’s begin
        with a short section on the credit score itself and where it comes from.




                                                                                              18

        Chapter            2Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - FICO           and
                                   Tricks To Scoring     You
                                                     750 Or Higher



        Back in the 1960’s, a company called Fair Isaac devised a unique system to
        determine the credit worthiness of people who apply for loans. Through a
        complicated mathematical computation (too complicated for this author!), they
        were able to study a person’s credit history and assign them a number that would
        represent how likely it was that they would be able to repay a loan they were
        applying for.

        Fair Isaac sparked a revolution by pioneering credit risk scoring for the financial
        services industry. This new approach to lending enabled financial institutions to
        improve their business performance and expand consumers’ access to credit.
        Today Fair Isaac’s FICO score is widely recognized as the industry standard for
        lenders.

        The FICO score condenses a borrower’s credit history into a single number based
        on past credit history. Fair, Isaac & Co. and the credit bureaus do not reveal how
        these scores are computed. The Federal Trade Commission has ruled this to be
        acceptable. The real truth is that even if we did know, we probably couldn’t
        calculate it ourselves anyway. Unless, of course, you happen to be a
        mathematical genius!

        Credit scores are calculated by using scoring models and mathemat ical tables
        that assign points for different pieces of information which best predict future
        credit performance. Developing these models involves studying how thousands,
        even millions, of people have used credit.

        Score-model developers find predictive factors in the data that have proven to
        indicate future credit performance. Models can be developed from different
        sources of data. Credit-bureau models are developed from information in
        consumer credit-bureau reports.
        Credit scores analyze a borrower's credit history considering numerous factors
        such as:




                                                                                              19




                 Late payments.
                 The amount of time credit has been established.
                 The amount of credit used versus the amount of credit available.
                 Length of time at present residence.
                 Negative credit information such as bankruptcies, charge-offs, collections,
                 etc.


        There are really three FICO scores computed by data provided by each of the
        three bureaus––Experian, Trans Union and Equifax. Some lenders use one of
        these three scores, while other lenders may just use the middle score.

        Fair Isaac has become so important in the financial industry that their word on
        your credit has become basically the final word. Why would banks and creditors
        place so much credibility into one company? The answer is simply because of
        their proven track record.

        The FICO score has proven to be not only an accurate and amazingly consistent
        way of showing a person’s credit reliability, but it has also saved companies
        millions of dollars in credit write-offs due to bad lending decisions. A study of
        loans that were granted and/or denied simply due to the FICO scores shows that
        Fair Isaac has been right over 80 percent of the time.

        Of course, that required some chance taking on the part of many creditors, but
        they were willing to take the risk. After all, this was a ground-breaking thing
        determining credit worthiness through a simple three-digit number. Many
        companies jumped “on the bandwagon” just to show that Fair Isaac had the right
        idea.

        Fast forward to the twenty-first century and you will find that FICO has become
        the definitive when it comes to financial and credit matters. They have proven
        their reliability and their worthiness just through trial and error.




                                                                                               20




        Unfortunately, the problem is that finding your FICO score isn’t as easy as you
        think. The truth is that it’s not even shown on your credit report like you would
        think. In fact, for years and years, your credit score was a securely kept secret
        number that was elusive to the average person.

        So how can you find out your credit score? This writer wondered the same thing.
        So I spent about twenty minutes trying to figure out how to find my own credit
        score. It wasn’t as easy as I thought it would be. But thanks to my tireless
        research, I can help you find your score.




                                                                                            21

        Chapter            3Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Next          Things
                                   Tricks To Scoring           Next - Finding Your Score
                                                     750 Or Higher



        You would think that finding out what your credit score is would be easy. In a
        way it is, but only because I’ve done my research and you won’t have to spend
        time surfing websites looking for the ever elusive credit number. It would seem
        logical to have your credit score appear right on your credit report, but that’s just
        not the way it is.

        At one time, your credit score was a big secret known only to financial companies
        and banks. With the FACT Act, legislators decided that it was important for
        individuals to know not only what their personal credit scores are but how they
        are calculated and how to improve them.

        The main company who calculates your credit score is the Field, Isaac Company
        commonly known as FICO. They invented the concept of the FICO scores so they
        are the ones who are known as experts in the industry. Before we go into finding
        your score, let’s look at a few facts about the FICO score.


                 FICO scores are your credit rating.
                 They range from 300-850, higher is better.
                 Most lenders base approval on them.
                 Higher scores mean lower interest rates.
                 FICO scores are calculated based on your rating in five general categories:
                     o Payment history - 35%
                     o Amounts owed - 30%
                     o Length of credit history - 15%
                     o New credit - 10%
                     o Types of credit used - 10%
                 Field, Isaac Company is the inventor of the FICO score.
                 They have the only website offering all 3 of your FICO scores.
                 The median FICO score in the U.S. is 723.




                                                                                                22




        Essentially, your credit score is simply a snapshot of your credit use -- it's the
        Cliffs Notes version of seven years of your borrowing history. In many lending
        situations, the lender bases its decision almost solely on your credit score.
        Consider your credit score the overall GPA of your borrowing history.

        Now, here’s the bad news. If you want to know your actual credit score, you will
        usually have to purchase it. This can be done in a few ways.

        You can get it from one of the three major credit reporting companies: Equifax,
        Experian, and TransUnion. The fee isn’t a huge one – usually around $15 or $20.
        However, if you’re serious about growing your credit score, it’s well worth the
        money to be financially responsible in the end.

        You can also go to www.myfico.com and get your FICO score directly from them.
        They will offer you a free 30 day trial membership which will get your credit score
        right now and then, if you wish to continue the membership, it will update the
        score as it rises (or, heaven forbid lowers).

        If you are applying for a mortgage, here’s a little good news for you. You can find
        out your credit score for free! The mortgage company will base their decision
        and interest rate on what your credit score number is, so just ask and they’ll tell
        you!
        FICO scores range between 300 and 850. Here’s what those scores mean:


                 Over 750 – you have excellent credit and will be able obtain credit easily.
                 720 or more – you still have very good credit and will be able to obtain
                 credit easily.
                 660 to 720 – this is an acceptable credit. You can still get loans, but you
                 may pay a higher interest rate.
                 620 to 660 – creditors are going to be uncertain about lending you money.
                 Less than 620 – you have poor credit history and will probably not be able
                 to obtain credit on your own.



                                                                                               23




        Knowing the above information makes it obvious that if you need or want to get
        credit for something, the higher your score is, the better your chances are to not
        only get credit but get it at a handsome interest rate. If you are in the 660 to 620
        range, you may still get a loan, but the interest rate is likely to be higher.

        That’s why it’s important to keep your credit good or establish good credit from
        the get go. That’s where we’ll start.




                                                                                               24

        Chapter            4Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Establishing                  Good Credit
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher



        So you don’t have any credit to speak of, but you have big plans for the future.
        Maybe you’re a fresh college graduate or a young person eager to buy your first
        new car.
        If you have never had to use credit before, first of all BRAVO! Of course, it’s best
        to pay cash for the things you need so that you don’t have to worry about credit
        card payments, loan payments, or interest rates. But if you’re young, the chances
        of you needing credit in the future are very real. Someday you might want to buy
        a house. Perhaps you’ll want to buy a new car.

        Chances are pretty good that you won’t have the cash outright to buy these high
        ticket items which mean you’ll need credit. Plus, it’s always good to have a little
        credit since many utility companies will look at your credit to turn on your power
        bill, for example, without a deposit of some type.

        When you’re starting fresh with no credit history at all, here are a few ways to
        get a good start on establishing good credit:

            1. Pay your bills on time, especially mortgage or rent payments. Apart from
               extreme circumstances like bankruptcy or tax liens, nothing has as big of
               an impact on your credit history as late payments.
            2. Establish credit early. Having clean, active charge accounts established
               many years ago will boost your score. If you are averse to credit, on
               principle, consider setting up automatic monthly payments for, say,
               utilities and phone on a credit card account and locking the card away
               where it's not a temptation.
            3. Don't max out available credit on credit card accounts. Lenders won't be
               impressed. Instead, they are much more likely to assume that you have
               trouble managing your finances. Beyond one or two credit cards, it starts
               to get complicated.




                                                                                               25




            4. Don't apply for too much credit in a short amount of time. Multiple
               requests for your credit history (not including requests by you to check
               your file) will reduce your score. If you are hunting around for good loan
               rates, assume that every time you give your Social Security number to a
               lender or credit card company, they will order a credit history.
            5. Be neat and consistent when filling out credit applications. This will insure
               that all your good deeds get recorded in a single file, as opposed to
               multiple files or, worse, someone else's file. Watch out for inconsistencies
               in use of "Jr." and "Sr."
            6. Check your credit history for errors, especially if you will soon be
               requesting a time-dependent loan, like a mortgage.


        One great way to start establishing credit is to apply for a store credit card (Sears,
        JC Penney, etc.). Once you get the card, make a few small purchases and pay
        them off completely. Do this a few times over the course of a year and you’ll find
        yourself with some established credit with an excellent payment history. DO NOT
        go overboard and buy more than what you can pay for, though.

                                                                  You can also apply for a secured
                                                                  credit card. These cards ask that you
                                                                  place a certain amount of money in
                                                                  your account for which you will
                                                                  receive a charge card. Then you can
                                                                  make purchases up to the amount of
                                                                  money that is in your account. Credit
                                                                  reporting agencies treat these cards
                                                                  just like regular credit cards and look
                                                                  to them as a responsible way for you
                                                                  to establish a good credit history.




                                                                                                            26




        You will have to have a checking account to establish credit. This lends to your
        credibility with lenders and shows that you are able to manage your money
        effectively. When applying for a credit card of any type, be sure to ask if they
        report to any of the credit reporting agencies. As we’ve said before, they are not
        required to do so, and if they don’t, having one of these cards or loans won’t do
        you a lick of good even if you do make your payments on time.

        You can also establish credit by making a purchase or applying for a loan with a
        co-signer. A co-signer is a person with good credit history who is basically telling
        the lending company that they will be responsible for making sure you make your
        payments on time. Often a co-signer is a relative such as a parent. This can be a
        risky proposition for them, so know that they are putting their own credit history
        on the line just to help you out, so don’t let them down.

        When applying for a loan, such as a car loan, it can also be helpful if you have a
        large down payment to make thus lessening the amount of money you have to
        borrow. This shows the lending company that you have the ability to save and
        they are more likely to take a chance on you based on this factor alone.

        So let’s do a quick review on how to establish a good credit history:

                 Apply for a store or gas credit card and make a few charges.
                 Ask a loved one to co-sign on a loan.
                 Find a respected secured credit card company.
                 Open a checking account.
                 Don’t apply for too many credit cards in too short of a time.
                 Check your credit report for any errors.
                 Go slowly.
                 Don’t overspend.
                 Make sure your lender reports to at least one of the credit reporting
                 agencies.
                 MAKE YOUR PAYMENTS ON TIME!!!!!!!


                                                                                               27




        Of course, the last one is the most important in establishing credit. If you don’t
        make your payments on time, it won’t make a hill of beans worth of difference
        what you are trying to do. This is what makes your credit history worthwhile –
        making on time payments and showing you are responsible with your credit and
        your creditors.

        So, what if you’ve already had credit, but you’ve made some mistakes over the
        years finding yourself with bad credit? Is all hope lost? The good news is – NO!




                                                                                             28

        Chapter            5Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Repairing                 Your
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher Credit Score
        Don’t despair if you find yourself with a less than desirable credit score and credit
        history. You are human and can make mistakes. It’s natural. The key to this is
        recognize that your spending habits are out of control, your credit has been
        damaged, and then vow to never get yourself back in the same situation after
        you have gotten your credit repaired.

        First, get your credit report. Get one from all three agencies. You get one free
        and then you’ll probably have to pay around $10 a piece for the other two. It’s
        important to get reports from all three agencies so that you have a full picture of
        your credit history.

        Some companies only report to one agency. Some report to all three. But if you
        are committed to repairing your credit, you need all three so that you don’t miss
        anything.

        Then go over those credit reports carefully. See the section above on how to
        read these credit reports. Check to see that there are no errors such as a bill
        you’ve paid but that is still being shown as owed.

        People at credit bureaus are human too and make mistakes just like you! If you
        don’t call attention to these mistakes, no one else will. We’ll cover correcting
        those mistakes a little bit later.

        The next part involves pulling out those accounts that are delinquent and making
        a re-payment plan. Unless you are declaring bankruptcy, you’ll still need to pay
        your debts and doing so can go a long way towards improving your credit history.
        Creditors will see that you are doing the best you can to get back on your feet
        and this improves your credibility.

        If all the bills are too overwhelming for you to consider paying back at once, just
        concentrate on one at a time. Break them into pieces, contact the company and
        let them know you are trying to come up with a repayment plan and if there’s
        anything they can do to help you out.




                                                                                                29




        These companies really just want their money in the long run, so they are going
        to be willing to help you. Once that company is paid off, move on to the next one
        until everyone is paid off.

        After that happens, it’s not like your credit is immediately pristine. Late
        payments and charged-off accounts remain on your report for seven years;
        bankruptcies for 10.

        Most creditors, however, look for a pattern of payment rather than focusing on
        one-time or rare occurrences. That’s why consistent on-time bill payments will
        improve those blemishes.

        As soon as you have paid off your creditors, then you can start all over again.
        Follow the steps given above in the section about establishing credit. Nothing
        can compare to consistent, on-time bill payments and responsible credit
        practices when it comes to repairing your credit.

        Experts say the average time required to rebuild one's credit to the point at
        which you can be accepted for a major credit card or small loan is approximately
        two years.

        Here are some other things to consider when trying to repair your credit:

                 Pay down your credit cards. Paying off your installment loans (mortgage,
                 auto, student, etc.) can help your score, but typically not as dramatically as
                 paying down -- or paying off -- revolving accounts like credit cards.

                     o The credit-scoring formulas like to see a nice, big gap between the
                       amount of credit you're using and your available credit limits.
                       Getting your balances below 30% of the credit limit on each card
                       can really help.
                     o While most debt gurus recommend paying off the highest-rate card
                       first, a better strategy here is to pay down the cards that are closest
                       to their limits.



                                                                                                  30




                 Use your cards lightly. Racking up big balances can hurt your score,
                 regardless of whether you pay your bill in full each month.
                     o What's typically reported to the credit bureaus, and thus calculated
                       into your score, is the balance reported on your last statement.
                       That doesn't mean paying off your balances each month isn't
                       financially smart -- it is -- just that the credit score doesn't care.
                     o You typically can increase your score by limiting your charges to
                       30% or less of a card's limit. If you're having trouble keeping track,
                       consider using a check register to track your spending, logging into
                       your account frequently at the issuer's Web site, or using personal
                       finance software like Microsoft Money or Quicken, which can
                       download your transactions and balances automatically.
                 Check your limits. Your score might be artificially depressed if your lender
                 is showing a lower limit than you've actually got. Most credit-card issuers
                 will quickly update this information if you ask.
                     o If your issuer makes it a policy not to report consumers' limits,
                       however -- as is the usual case with American Express cards and
                       those issued by Capital One -- the bureaus typically use your highest
                       balance as a proxy for your credit limit.
                     o You may see the problem here: If you consistently charge the same
                       amount each month -- say $2,000 to $2,500 -- it may look to the
                       credit-scoring formula like you're regularly maxing out that card.
                     o You could go on a wild spending spree to raise the limit, but a more
                       sober solution would simply be to pay your balance down or off
                       before your statement period closes.
                     o Check your last statement to see which day of the month that
                       typically is, then go to the issuer's Web site about a week in
                       advance of closing and pay off what you owe. It won't raise your
                       reported limit, but it will widen the gap between that limit and your
                       closing balance, which should boost your score.




                                                                                                31




                 Dust off an old card. The older your credit history, the better. But if you
                 stop using your oldest cards, the issuers may stop updating those accounts
                 at the credit bureaus. The accounts will still appear, but they won't be
                 given as much weight in the credit-scoring formula as your active accounts.
                 That's why many financial companies recommend to their clients that they
                 use their oldest cards every few months to charge a small amount, paying
                 it off in full when the statement arrives.


                 Get some goodwill. If you've
                 been a good customer, a
                 lender might agree to simply
                 erase that one late payment
                 from your credit history. You
                 usually have to make the
                 request in writing, and your
                 chances for a "goodwill
                 adjustment"     improve     the
                 better your record with the
                 company (and the better your
                 credit in general). But it can't
                 hurt to ask.
                     o A longer-term solution for more-troubled accounts is to ask that
                       they be "re-aged." If the account is still open, the lender might
                       erase previous delinquencies if you make a series of 12 or so on-
                       time payments.


        When trying to improve your credit score or credit history, avoid any of the
        following:

                 Asking a creditor to lower your credit limits. This will reduce that all-
                 important gap between your balances and your available credit, which
                 could hurt your score. If a lender asks you to close an account or get a limit
                 lowered as a condition for getting a loan, you might have to do it -- but
                 don't do so without being asked.


                                                                                                  32





                 Making a late payment. The irony here is that a late or missed payment
                 will hurt a good score more than a bad one, dropping a 700-plus score by
                 100 points or more. If you've already got a string of negative items on your
                 credit report, one more won't have a big impact, but it's still something
                 you want to avoid if you're trying to improve your score.
                 Consolidating your accounts. Applying for a new account can ding your
                 score. So, too, can transferring balances from a high-limit card to a lower-
                 limit one, or concentrating all or most of your credit-card balances onto a
                 single card. In general, it's better to have smaller balances on a few cards
                 than a big balance on one.
                 Applying for new credit if you've already got plenty. On the other hand,
                 applying for and getting an installment loan can help your score if you
                 don't have any installment accounts, or you're trying to recover from a
                 credit disaster like bankruptcy.
        By the way, all these suggestions work best if you have poor or mediocre scores
        to begin with. Once you've hit the 700 mark, any tweaking you do will tend to
        have less of a positive impact.

        And if your scores are in the "excellent" category, 760 or above, you'll probably
        be able to eke out only a few extra points despite your best efforts. There's really
        no point, anyway, since you're already qualified for the best rates and terms.
        Here's one area where it's really OK to rest on your laurels and worry about
        something else.

        If you are in serious, serious credit problems, sometimes the only solution is to
        file for a bankruptcy. This is a last-ditch thing, though, and should only be done if
        you’ve dug yourself in so deep that the odds of getting out of debt are little to
        none.




                                                                                                33

        Chapter            6Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Bankruptcy
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher



        Filing for bankruptcy has a very negative connotation in society, but it’s a way for
        people who have found themselves in serious financial trouble to ease the
        burden of what they’ve done and allow them to start over. Businesses don’t like
        it, but for consumers, it can be a life saver.

        This writer knows of one young girl – just 21 years old – who was over $20,000 in
        debt plus she had her car repossessed for non-payment. At this young age, she
        was in serious financial trouble with no way out.

        She was (still is) going to school trying to earn a degree so she can get a good job,
        but since her first credit card was issued to her at age 17, her credit woes began
        and they didn’t end until she was able to file for bankruptcy.

        Her debts were discharged and she was able to start all over again. She
        purchased a (very) used vehicle for cash, got a part-time job while she went to
        school and worked very hard to build her credit up slowly.

        Now she is 30. She has a well-paying job as a nurse at a local hospital and just
        celebrated buying her first home. She once told me, “I knew I was in over my
        head and I became very depressed because of it. The bankruptcy was the best
        thing I could have ever done for myself even though at the time, it was the
        hardest.”

                                                          Let’s start by exploring the different
                                                          types of bankruptcies. There are three
                                                          different filings you can make: Chapter 7,
                                                          Chapter 11, and Chapter 13.




                                                                                                       34




        Chapter 7

        Chapter 7 bankruptcy, sometimes call a straight bankruptcy is a liquidation
        proceeding. The debtor turns over all non-exempt property to the bankruptcy
        trustee who then converts it to cash for distribution to the creditors.

        The debtor receives a discharge of all dischargeable debts usually within four
        months. In the vast majority of cases the debtor has no assets that he would lose
        so Chapter 7 will give that person a relatively quick "fresh start".
        One of the main purposes of Bankruptcy Law is to give a person, who is
        hopelessly burdened with debt, a fresh start by wiping out his or her debts.

                                               New legislation has been passed regarding Chapter
                                               7 bankruptcies. Laws can vary from state to state,
                                               so you will want to check with someone who
                                               knows or do extensive research as to what is
                                               allowed to be discharged with a Chapter 7 and
                                               what is not.

        Essentially what the new laws ask of people who are filing a Chapter 7
        bankruptcy is twofold. First, they must take an approved credit counseling
        course within six months before filing. They must also complete an approved
        financial management course before any debts can be discharged.

        Even though those two new stipulations are in place, it is still relatively easy to
        file for a Chapter 7 bankruptcy. There are, of course, governmental “hoops” you
        will have to jump through which is why it is often a good idea to secure the
        services of a bankruptcy lawyer. However, it is possible for you to do this
        yourself as long as you do your research and “cross your T’s and dot your I’s”!

        What are the most common reasons given for filing a Chapter 7 bankruptcy?
        Well, of course, it’s the accumulation of excessive debt! But seriously, here are
        the most common reasons why people get into such debt:




                                                                                                    35




                 Medical bills.
                 Unemployment.
                 Divorce.
                 Overextended credit.
                 Large, unexpected expense.


        A Harvard Study reported that half of US bankruptcies were caused by medical
        bills. The study was published online in February of 2005 by Health Affairs. The
        Harvard study concluded that illness and medical bills caused half (50.4 percent)
        of the 1,458,000 personal bankruptcies in 2001. The study estimates that medical
        bankruptcies affect about 2 million Americans annually — counting debtors and
        their dependents, including about 700,000 children.

        If you find that you have to file for a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, you may be worried
        about whether or not you’ll get to keep some of the things that are important to
        you and essential to life. These things include a car and your home, among other
        things.

        Unsecured debts, such as credit card debt, personal loans, money judgments and
        certain taxes are wiped out in a Chapter 7. However, certain debts are not
        dischargeable under Chapter 7 bankruptcy; these debts include, but are not
        limited to, most student loans, certain taxes, alimony and child or other court
        ordered support payments.

        If a debt is secured by property, such as a home mortgage or an automobile loan,
        then you get to decide how to handle that debt. For example, in the case of a
        vehicle, you could:

            1. Keep the automobile and the debt as long as you are current and continue
               keeps your payments current.
            2. "Redeem" the automobile which means pay it off at its current "fair
               market value"



                                                                                            36




            3. Return the vehicle, include any balance due in your bankruptcy and pay
               nothing further on the vehicle. The choice is yours.


        In 99% of the Chapter 7 cases, the person filing bankruptcy keeps all of their
        property. Bankruptcy law is not meant to punish you and allows you to keep your
        property under what are called "exemptions" or things you get to keep. You keep
        your car, your house, your jewelry, the boat, your clothing, everything!

        Of course, if you still owe a debt on anything like your car and your house, you
        should refer to the above scenario. If you want to discharge your car loan, you’ll
        have to either pay up or give up the car.


        Chapter 13

                                                             Another option for bankruptcy for
                                                             individuals is the Chapter 13. This is
                                                             more      commonly      known     as    a
                                                             reorganization bankruptcy. Chapter13
                                                             bankruptcy is filed by individuals who
                                                             want to pay off their debts over a period
                                                             of three to five years.

                                                             This type of bankruptcy appeals to
                                                             individuals who have non-exempt
                                                             property that they want to keep. It is
                                                             also only an option for individuals who
                                                             have predictable income and whose
                                                             income is sufficient to pay their
                                                             reasonable expenses with some amount
                                                             left over to pay off their debts.

        There are many reasons why people choose Chapter 13 bankruptcy instead of
        Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Generally, you are probably a good candidate for Chapter
        13 bankruptcy if you are in any of the following situations:


                                                                                                         37




            1. You have a sincere desire to repay your debts, but you need the protection
               of the bankruptcy court to do so. You may think filing Chapter 13
               bankruptcy is simply the "Right Thing To Do" rather than file Chapter
            2. You are behind on your mortgage or car loan, and want to make up the
               missed payments over time and reinstate the original agreement. You
               cannot do this in Chapter 7 bankruptcy. You can make up missed
               payments only in Chapter 13 bankruptcy.
            3. You need help repaying your debts now, but need to leave open the
               option of filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the future. This would be the
               case if for some reason you can't stop incurring new debt.
            4. You are a family farmer who wants to pay off your debts, but you do not
               qualify for a Chapter 12 family farming bankruptcy because you have a
               large debt unrelated to farming.
            5. You have valuable nonexempt property. When you file for Chapter 7
               bankruptcy, you get to keep certain property, called exempt. If you have a
               lot of nonexempt property (which you'd have to give up if you file a
               Chapter 7 bankruptcy), Chapter 13 bankruptcy may be the better option.
            6. You received a Chapter 7 discharge within the previous eight years. You
               cannot file for Chapter 7 again until the eight years are up.


        A Chapter 13 can be filed if:


                 The debtor received a discharge under Chapter 7, 11 or 12 more than four
                 years ago.
                 The debtor received a discharge under Chapter 13 more than two years
                 ago.
                 You have a co-debtor on a personal debt. If you file for Chapter 7
                 bankruptcy, your creditor will go after the co-debtor for payment. If you
                 file for Chapter 13 bankruptcy, the creditor will leave your co-debtor alone,
                 as long as you keep up with your bankruptcy plan payments.




                                                                                                 38




                 You have a tax debt. If a large part of your debt consists of federal taxes,
                 what happens to your tax debts may determine which type of bankruptcy
                 is best for you.


        As of October 17, 2005, new bankruptcy laws took effect for all three types of
        bankruptcy. When it comes to Chapter 13, you cannot file this way unless the
        following conditions are met:

                 The debtor received a discharge under Chapter 7, 11 or 12 more than four
                 years ago.
                 The debtor received a discharge under Chapter 13 more than two years
                 ago.
                 When a motor vehicle was purchased within 910 days (2 1/2 years) of the
                 filing and a secured creditor has a lien on it, the creditor retains the lien
                 until payment of the entire debt has been made.
                 The following debt is NOT discharged:
                     o debt for trust fund taxes;
                     o taxes for which returns were never filed or filed late (within two
                       years of the petition date);
                     o taxes for which the debtor made a fraudulent return or evaded
                       taxes;
                     o domestic support payments;
                     o Student loans;
                     o Drunk driving injuries;
                     o Criminal restitution;
                     o Civil restitutions or damages awarded for willful or malicious
                       personal actions causing personal injury or death.

                 All tax returns for the four years prior to filing Chapter 13 must be filed.
                 Debtors must provide to the trustee, at least seven days prior to the 341
                 meeting, a copy of a tax return or transcript of a tax return, for the period
                 for which the return was most recently due.



                                                                                                 39




        Chapter 11

        A Chapter 11 bankruptcy is filed by businesses and is quite similar to a Chapter 13.
        A Chapter 11 is available for individuals, but it is generally used by businesses to
        reorganize their debts and dealings so that they can be more financially solid.
        When a troubled business is unable to service its debt or pay its creditors, they
        can file with a federal bankruptcy court for protection under either a Chapter 7 or
        a Chapter 11 bankruptcy.

                                                              In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, the business
                                                              must cease operation and a trustee will
                                                              sell all its assets and distribute the
                                                              proceeds to the business’s creditors
                                                              ratably in accordance with statutory
                                                              priorities.




        A Chapter 11 filing, on the other hand, is usually filed in a n attempt to stay in
        business while a bankruptcy court supervises the reorganization of the
        company’s contractual and debt obligations. The court can grant complete or
        partial relief from most of the company’s debts along with its contracts so that
        the company can make a fresh start.

        Often, if the company’s debts exceed its assets, then at the completion of the
        bankruptcy, the company’s owners or stockholders all end up with nothing. All
        their rights and interests are terminated and the company’s creditors end up with
        ownership of the newly reorganized company in the hopes that it will eventually
        succeed financially as compensation for their losses.

        So, in general, an individual bankruptcy will be under a Chapter 7 or Chapter 11.
        It’s a big decision for you to make, but sometimes, it’s the only way you can “get
        out from under” and begin anew.




                                                                                                        40




        Before you resort to filing for a Chapter 7 or Chapter 11, consider the alternatives.
        Creditors might be willing to settle their claim for a smaller cash payment, or they
        might be willing to stretch out the loan and reduce the size of the payments. This
        would allow you to pay off the debt by making smaller payments over a longer
        period of time. The creditor would eventually receive the full economic benefit of
        its bargain.

        Occasionally, you may "buy time" by consolidating your debts; that is, by taking
        out a big loan to pay off all the smaller amounts of debts that you owe. The
        primary danger of this approach is that it is very easy to go out and use your
        credit cards to borrow even more.

        In that case, you end up with an even larger total debt and no more income to
        meet the monthly payments. Indeed, if you have taken out a second mortgage on
        your home to obtain the consolidation loan, you might lose your home as well.

        When there really is no other way out, you’ll need to file for a Chapter 7 personal
        bankruptcy. Try looking at it in a positive light, however.

        There are some advantages to filing for bankruptcy. By far the most important
        advantage is that debtors may obtain a fresh financial start. Consumers who are
        eligible for Chapter 7 may be forgiven (discharged from) most unsecured debts.




        A secured debt is one which the creditor is entitled to collect by seizing and
        selling certain assets of the debtor if payments are missed, such as a home
        mortgage or car loan. With those two major exceptions, most consumer debts
        are unsecured. You may be able to keep (that is, exempt) many of your assets,
        although state laws vary widely in defining which assets you may keep.

        Collection efforts must stop as soon as you file for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 or
        Chapter 13. As soon as your petition is filed, there is by law an automatic stay,
        which prohibits most collection activity.



                                                                                                41




        If a creditor continues to try to collect the debt, the creditor may be cited for
        contempt of court or ordered to pay damages. The stay applies even to the loan
        that you may have obtained to buy your car.

                                                    If you continue to make payments, it is unlikely
                                                    that your creditor will do anything. However, if
                                                    you miss payments your creditor will probably
                                                    petition to have the stay lifted in order either
                                                    to repossess the car or to renegotiate the loan.
                                                    You cannot be fired from your job solely
                                                    because you filed for bankruptcy.




        Of course, there are disadvantages to filing for bankruptcy. Since your
        bankruptcy filing will remain on your credit record for up to ten years, it may
        affect your future finances. A bankruptcy is a troublesome item in your credit
        record, but often debtors who file already have a troublesome history.

        In one respect, bankruptcy may improve your credit records. Because Chapter 7
        provides for a discharge of debts no more than once every eight years, lenders
        know that a credit applicant who has just emerged from Chapter 7 cannot soon
        repeat the process.

        Research in this area has produced mixed results. A study by the Credit Research
        Center at Purdue University found that about one-third of consumers who filed
        for bankruptcy had obtained lines of credit within three years of filing; one-half
        had obtained them within five years.

        However, the new credit itself may reflect the record of bankruptcy. For example,
        if you might have been eligible for a bank card with a 14 percent rate before
        bankruptcy, the best card that you can get after bankruptcy might carry a rate of
        20 percent—or you might have to rely on a card secured by a deposit that you
        make with the credit card issuer.



                                                                                                       42




        There are a couple of ways you can go about filing for bankruptcy. The most
        reliable is to secure a bankruptcy attorney and have them do it for you. They are
        experts in this area and will often take care of everything for you including
        appearing in court on your behalf.

        They do charge a fee for this service, however. That fee can range anywhere
        from $500 to $2,000 depending on your area. Yes, it is odd that they’ll charge
        that high a fee to file a bankruptcy for someone who doesn’t have money in the
        first place, but many will accept payments.

        You can also file the bankruptcy yourself. There are many places on the Internet
        where you can download the forms you will need. Be advised that they are often
        lengthy and in-depth, but they are fairly straight-forward when you take the time
        to fill them out completely.

        Once you have the forms all filled out, take them to your local courthouse and
        pay the filing fee which is usually around $100 to $200. You will receive a notice
        of a court date at which time you will need to show up and the judge will grant
        your request for bankruptcy.

        The bad part about filing yourself is that you have to contact all your creditors
        yourself to let them know that the bankruptcy has been filed. You have to be
        very careful to list each and every one of your debts so they will apply under the
        discharge order. If you miss even one, you will have to pay it after the
        bankruptcy is granted.

        Filing for bankruptcy might not be your only
        option. One of the newest trends in
        achieving financial freedom and a good
        credit score is to secure the services of a
        credit counseling or debt consolidation
        company. But do they work?




                                                                                             43

        Chapter            7Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Credit          Counselors
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher and Debt Consolidators
         These companies have started popping up everywhere. In fact, as I am writing
        this book, there is a commercial on television for yet another credit counseling
        company. It seems like they are everywhere. It also seems like they can really
        help you with your debt problems. But can they?

        There are some credit counseling agencies and debt consolidators that can
        actually help get people out of debt. But there are also others who are simply
        trying to get money (that you don’t have) without helping you at all.

                                     There is a difference between these two types of
                                     companies. Credit counselors will help you get out
                                     of debt and stay out of debt. That means that they
                                     will help you realize where you went wrong on the
                                     financial road and then help you get out of debt.
                                     After that, they will put you on a budget and offer
                                     services that can help you stay out of debt and live a
                                     financially stable life. Debt consolidation companies
                                     are different, though not entirely. They also will
                                     help you get out of debt, but they do so by working
                                     with your creditors to help combine all of your debts
                                     into one large debt with one monthly payment.

        That usually entails getting some type of loan on your behalf that will pay off your
        creditors and you will pay the loan company instead.

        Because of the services they provide, many people would rather go with a credit
        counseling service. That’s because they need someone to help them stay away
        from the mindset that got them into debt in the first place. There are many,
        many credit counseling companies out there.

        What do you need to look for in a reputable credit counseling company? Here
        are a few suggestions:




                                                                                               44




                 They should be associated with the Better Business Bureau. The service's
                 website should have a BBB logo and a link to their record on the Better
                 Business Bureau website. Click through the link to check that there are no
                 unresolved complaints against them.
                 Many people only think about the Better Business Bureau after they've
                 been cheated, but by then there's not much you can do. Working with a
                 credit counseling agency that is a member of the Better Business Bureau
                 means that you can go to them to help mediate any dispute you might
                 have with the service provider.
                 Reputable credit counseling services will be accredited by an independent
                 nonprofit, just as many schools are. One such accreditation body is the
                 National Institute for Financial Counseling Education.
                 A good credit counseling agency will charge a small, reasonable monthly
                 fee, usually around $30. Some also charge a fee upfront, though this fee
                 should be reasonable (around $50 tops). It may be possible to get a
                 hardship waiver of these fees if you truly do not have the $30-50.
                 You will have to fill out an application when you decide to go with a credit
                 counseling agency. The application must clearly say what the fees to be
                 paid are, what the services to be provided are, and in what timeframe all
                 of this will be provided.
                 Run far, far away from any organization that proposes to "wipe out" your
                 debt for you, rather than simply helping you to repay the debt. Short of
                 your creditors just deciding to forget about the debt (unlikely), there is no
                 way to erase debt–even bankruptcy leaves a huge mark on your credit
                 report for ten years.
        True, your car may not go missing from your driveway if you stop paying
        unsecured debt (i.e., debt that is not "secured" with collateral, like most credit
        cards, unlike most auto loans). But you are still legally obligated to pay the debt,
        and the possibility of being taken to court will loom over you. You will likely be
        unable to get even "bad credit" financing if you still have debts in collections–
        good luck buying a car or house.




                                                                                                 45




        Now let’s look at how a reputable credit counseling service will work. First, they
        will negotiate with your creditors to establish a debt management plan (DMP) for
        you. A DMP may help the debtor repay his or her debt by working out a
        repayment plan with the creditor.

        DMPs, set up by credit counselors, usually offer reduced payments, fees and
        interest rates to the client. Credit counselors refer to the terms dictated by the
        creditors to determine payments or interest reductions offered to consumers in a
        debt management plan.

        After joining a DMP, the creditors will close the customer’s accounts and restrict
        the accounts to future charges. The most common benefit of a DMP as
        advertised by most agencies is the consolidation of multiple monthly payments
        into just one monthly payment which is usually less than the sum of the
        individual payment previously paid by the customer.

        This is because the credit card banks will usually accept a lower monthly payment
        from a customer in a DMP than if the customer were paying the account on their
        own. Some DMPs advertise that payments can be cut by 50 % although a
        reduction of 10 to 20 percent is more common.

        The second feature of a DMP is a reduction in interest rates charged by creditors.
        A customer with a defaulted credit card account will often be paying an interest
        rate approaching 30 percent.

        Upon joining a DMP, credit card banks sometimes lower the annual percentage
        rates charged to 5 to 10 percent and a few will eliminate the interest altogether.

        This reduction in interest allows the counseling agencies to advertise that their
        customers will be debt free in periods of three to six years rather than the twenty
        plus years that it would take to pay off a large amount of debt at high interest
        rates. That’s a very attractive advantage – especially for people who are in debt
        quite a bit.




                                                                                              46




                                                                 A third benefit offered by credit
                                                                 counseling agencies is the process of
                                                                 bringing delinquent accounts current.
                                                                 This is often called “re-aging” or
                                                                 “curing” an account. This usually
                                                                 occurs after making a series of on-
                                                                 time payments through the DMP as a
                                                                 show of good faith and commitment
                                                                 to completion of the program.

        For example, a client with an account that has a monthly payment of $50 but that
        monthly payment has not been paid in two months might be considered by the
        creditor to be 60 days past due.

        After joining the DMP and making three consecutive on-time monthly payments,
        the creditor could “re-age” the account to reflect a current status.

        After that, the monthly payment due on the statements would be the monthly
        payment negotiated by the DMP and the account would be reported as current
        to the credit bureaus.

        Now this process does not eliminate the prior delinquencies from the credit
        reports.

        What is does is merely give a fresh start and opportunity for the client to begin
        building a positive credit history. Like all negative credit information, only the
        passage of time will lessen the impact of the negative marks when credit scores
        are calculated.

        So how do credit counseling companies make money? They do charge a fee to
        you for their services, and it is important for you to get all of that information in
        writing before you sign on the dotted line. However, this fee is not usually
        enough to make them a huge profit.




                                                                                                         47




        The credit counseling companies make most of their compensation from the
        creditors to whom the debt payments are distributed. This funding relationship
        has led many to believe that credit counseling agencies are merely a collections
        wing of the creditors.
        This fee income, known as “Fair Share,” consists of contributions from the
        creditors that originally earned the agency 15% of the amount recovered.
        However, in recent years, Fair Share contributions have dwindled steadily, with
        contributions of 4-10% being the most common.

        There is a lot of criticism, in fact, when it comes to credit counseling agencies and
        their effectiveness as well as legality. The Federal Trade Commission has filed
        lawsuits against several credit counseling agencies, and they continue to urge
        caution to consumers when it comes to choosing a credit counseling agency.

        The FTC has received over 8,000 complaints from consumers about shady credit
        counselors. Many of those complaints concern high or hidden fees along with
        the inability to opt out of so-called “voluntary” contributions. The Better
        Business Bureau also reports high complaint levels about credit counseling.

        Not surprisingly, the IRS has also weighed in on the subject of credit counseling
        and has denied non-profit, tax-exempt status to around thirty of the nation’s
        1,000 credit counseling agencies. Those thirty agencies account for more than
        half of the industry’s revenue. Audits of non-profit credit counseling agencies by
        the IRS are ongoing.

        The lobby against credit counselors arises from the belief by the collection
        industry that the not-for-profit status of the credit counselors gives them an
        unfair financial and market advantage over them. The IRS apparently agrees.

        The tax exempt revocations seem to be centered on whether or not a tax exempt
        credit counselor actually performed their mandated mission by assisting the
        community at large as opposed to offering their whole attention to their own
        DMP customers in a “collection practice”. However, that has yet to be proven.




                                                                                                48




        Congress has also investigated the credit counseling industry and has issued a
        report that says while some agencies are ethical, others charge excessive fees
        and provide poor service to consumers.

        The report also states that NFCC member guidelines, if applied to the entire
        industry, would go a long way toward eliminating the abuses they have
        uncovered in other parts of the industry.

        When it comes to debt consolidation companies, you are talking about an
        entirely different concept. What a debt consolidation company does is negotiate
        with creditors to get a lower pay-off amount for your debts and then obtain a
        loan on your behalf to pay off those creditors allowing you to make just one
        payment instead of multiple ones.

        The two types of companies are similar in nature, but with debt consolidation,
        the only thing they do is negotiate with credit lenders and then get you one
        payment instead of many. They do charge a fee for their services as well just as
        the credit counseling companies do.

        The thing about debt consolidation companies is that they do what you can do
        yourself with just a little bit of work. You can call your creditors and negotiate a
        pay-off balance for your accounts and then obtain your own loan as a debt
        consolidation loan. Even if you have less than perfect credit, most banks and
        lending institutions will have debt consolidation loans available to almost
        everyone.

        Really, the bottom line when considering either a debt consolidation company or
        a credit counselor is to weight the advantages and disadvantages first. Then
        check out the company you are considering to make sure they are reputable.

        These types of companies can really and truly help people who are seriously in
        debt. But proceed with caution and choose wisely lest you get yourself involved
        in yet another problem besides your debt!




                                                                                               49




        Now that we’ve addressed no credit, bad credit, and people who can help with
        credit problems, let’s focus on your credit report and your credit score. Often,
        there are mistakes that are on your credit report, and correcting them is essential.




                                                                                               50

        Chapter            8Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Mistakes
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750Can
                                                        Or HigherBe Made



        As we’ve said before, your credit report is very important to you as well as your
        credit score. People are human and the information contained in your credit
        report is entered in by human hands. Sometimes those hands make mistakes.

        Maybe you paid off a past due bill and it’s still showing on your credit report as
        delinquent. There are all sorts of things that can be reflected incorrectly on your
        credit report, so it’s important that you take steps to make corrections as soon as
        you can.

        The first thing you need to do is check over your report and dispute any old
        negative reports you can find. Say that fight with your phone company over an
        unfair bill a few years ago resulted in a collections account. You can continue
        protesting that the charge was unjust, or you can try disputing the account with
        the credit bureaus as "not mine."

        The older and smaller a collection account, the more likely the collection agency
        won't bother to verify it when the credit bureau investigates your dispute. Some
        consumers also have had luck disputing old items with a lender that has merged
        with another company, which can leave lender records a real mess.

                                           If there are significant errors on your credit
                                           report, you need to be sure and get them
                                           removed right away. However, there are also
                                           some mistakes that you can ignore and it won’t
                                           impact you negatively. Your credit score is
                                           calculated based on the information in your
                                           credit report, so certain errors there can really
                                           cost you. But not everything that's reported in
                                           your file matters to your score.




                                                                                               51




        Here's the stuff that's usually worth the effort of correcting with the bureaus:

                 Late payments, charge-offs, collections or other negative items that aren't
                 yours.
                 Credit limits reported as lower than they actually are.
                 Accounts listed as "settled," "paid derogatory," "paid charge-off" or
                 anything other than "current" or "paid as agreed" if you paid on time and
                 in full.
                 Accounts that are still listed as unpaid that was included in a bankruptcy.
                 Negative items older than seven years (10 in the case of bankruptcy) that
                 should have automatically fallen off your report.


        You actually have to be a bit careful with this last one, because sometimes scores
        actually go down when bad items fall off your report. It's a quirk in the FICO
        credit-scoring software, and the potential effect of eliminating old negative items
        is difficult to predict in advance.

        Some of the stuff that you typically shouldn't worry about includes:


                 Various misspellings of your name.
                 Outdated or incorrect address information.
                 An old employer listed as current.
                 Most inquiries.


        If the misspelled name or incorrect address is because of identity theft or
        because your file has been mixed with someone else's, that should be obvious
        when you look at your accounts. You'll see delinquencies or accounts that aren't
        yours and should report that immediately.




                                                                                               52




        However, if it's just a goof by the credit bureau or one of the companies reporting
        to it, it's usually not much to sweat about. Two more items you don't need to
        correct:

                 Accounts you closed listed as being open.
                 Accounts you closed that don't say "closed by consumer."


        Closing accounts can't help your score, and may hurt it. If your goal is boosting
        your score, leave these alone. Once an account has been closed, though, it
        doesn't matter to the scoring formulas that did it -- you or the lender. If you
        messed up the account, it will be obvious from the late payments and other
        derogatory information included in the file. So say you’ve found some significant
        errors on your credit report and you need to correct them. There are certain
        steps you need to take in order to make sure that the error is corrected and
        ultimately removed from your report.


            1. Make a copy of your credit report and circle every item you believe is
               incorrect.

            2. Write a letter to the reporting agency (the address will be printed on the
               report). Explain each dispute and request an investigation to resolve the
               issues. If you have supporting paperwork, send it along, coding pages to
               match dispute paragraphs. Do not send your originals.

            3. Send all materials by certified mail, return receipt requested, so that you
               can prove the packet was received.

            4. Send a similar letter of dispute to the creditor whose reporting statements
               you disagree with. Refer to a billing statement to find the correct address
               for disputes, because it's usually different from the payment address.

        If your dispute involves personal information, such as your current address,
        enclose a copy of your driver's license or a utility bill in your name to verify your
        residence.


                                                                                                53




        The reporting agency will initiate an investigation, contacting your creditors to
        verify the accuracy of the information. If the creditor cannot verify that the entry
        is correct, it must be removed. When the investigation is complete, the agency
        must send you a free copy of your report if changes were made. If the
        investigation uncovers an error, you have the right to ask that a corrected version
        of your credit report be sent to everyone who received the report during the past
        six months.

        It’s a good idea to contact your creditor first, then allow a bit of lead time before
        you submit the dispute to the reporting agency. By the time the dispute is
        verified, the creditor will hopefully have corrected the error .You can also make
        changes online directly with the credit reporting agency. When you are on their
        website, they will usually have links that allow you to click a button to dispute
        incorrect information.

        You can initiate an investigation from many online credit reports by following the
        links provided and checking the disputed items as directed. There sometimes isn't
        a place for remarks--you'll simply check a multiple-choice reason for each dispute.
        If the credit reporting agency says the original information is accurate, it must
        provide you with a written notice that includes the name, address, and phone
        number of the person who made the report. If you still disagree, initiate a second
        investigation. Unfortunately, in the real world the reporting agencies often try to
        sidestep that requirement, giving you standard, computer-generated information
        rather than the facts you need to find the person or department who made the
        negative report.

        Keep plugging away until you have the answer you're looking for. If your
        attempts to correct an entry are unsuccessful, you can ask the reporting agency
        to insert a 100-character explanation next to it that explains your side of the
        story. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the credit bureau is required to solve
        the problem in a reasonable amount of time, generally 30 days.

        If you feel that a credit bureau has not responded promptly and fairly to your
        situation, contact the attorney general of your state or the Federal Trade
        Commission in Washington at 202-FTC-HELP.


                                                                                                54




        If you are disputing something on your credit report, you might want to try the
        following sample letter in your attempts at the next page.


                    Date
                    Your Name
                    Your Address
                    Your City, State, Zip Code

                    Complaint Department
                    Name of Company
                    Address
                    City, State, Zip Code

                    Dear Sir or Madam:

                    I am writing to dispute the following information in my file. The
                    items I dispute also are encircled on the attached copy of the
                    report I received.

                    This item (identify item(s) disputed by name of source, such as
                    creditors or tax court, and identify type of item, such as credit
                    account, judgment, etc.) is (inaccurate or incomplete) because
                    (describe what is inaccurate or incomplete and why). I am
                    requesting that the item be deleted (or request another
                    specific change) to correct the information.

                    Enclosed are copies of (use this sentence if applicable and
                    describe any enclosed documentation, such as payment
                    records, court documents) supporting my position. Please
                    investigate this (these) matter(s) and (delete or correct) the
                    disputed item(s) as soon as possible.

                    Sincerely,
                    Your name

                  Enclosures:
        Another great    reason(List
                                 for what youtabs
                                     keeping   are on
                                                   enclosing)
                                                      your credit report as much as possible
        is the possibility of identity theft. It happens all the time and often the only way
        you’ll know it has happened to you is to check your credit report.


                                                                                               55

        Chapter            9Simple
        Credit Score Secrets: - Identity              Theft
                                   Tricks To Scoring 750 Or Higher and Your Credit



        Criminals know the way to steal your identity, and the worst part is that it’s not
        all that difficult. You know all those credit card applications you get in the mail?
        If you don’t shred them, they can use that to steal your identity.

        It’s not above them to sift through garbage just to obtain a social security number
        or a driver’s license number. Once they have these vital bits of information, it’s
        easy for them to steal your identity.

                                           What they will do is scary. They will apply for
                                           credit cards in your name and max them out
                                           within days. They will obtain loans in your
                                           name and never make a payment. Then the
                                           loan company comes after you for the money.
                                           It’s something that affects millions and millions
                                           of people each year and it can be a real mess
                                           when it comes to your credit report.

                                           As many as 85 percent of all identity theft
                                           victims find out about the crime only when
                                           they are denied credit or employment,
                                           contacted by the police, or have to deal with
                                           collection agencies, credit cards, and bills.

         A study on the aftermath of an identity theft by the nonprofit Identity Theft
        Resource Center found that victims spend 600 hours recovering from the crime
        because they must contact and work with credit cards, banks, credit bureaus, and
        law enforcement. The time can add up to as much as $16,000 in lost wages or
        income.

        The number of reported cases of identity theft is increasing steadily. There is no
        one reason for this, but rather this is due to several ways in which our lives have
        changed in recent years, all of which make it easier for people to obtain our
        personal information.




                                                                                               56




        In the United States, Social Security numbers are used more commonly as a
        means of identification. The Internet has made the transmission of personal
        information easy and, at times, less secure. Online retailers store our credit card
        information and contact information in databases we assume to be secured.

        Marketing databases not only contain personal information, but they aggregate
        information on our spending habits as well as contact information. But
        potentially nefarious employees of these companies could have access to that
        information. They can then sell it online in chat rooms where criminals meet to
        swap information.

        Even in the days of e-mail and instant messaging, the postal mail can also play a
        surprising role in identity theft. Checks can be stolen from the outgoing mail.
        Credit card companies bombard their customers and potential customers with
        pre-approved offers that need very little personal information to complete.

        Credit card issuers also send what they call "courtesy checks" to customers who
        can use them to make charges on a card. Many experts consider them an
        invitation to identity theft.

        One of the increasingly common ways that criminals try to obtain personal
        information is by using what is called a "phishing attack." If you have e-mail, the
        chances are good someone has tried to get you to bite.

                                       Phishing combines a criminal attempt at obtaining
                                       personal information with another plague of the Internet
                                       age — spam. Potential victims receive an e-mail from
                                       what appears to a bank, an online payment company like
                                       PayPal, or a retailer like eBay or Amazon.com. The
                                       message is usually sent using HTML e-mail and, when
                                       opened, uses company logos and symbols to make it
                                       appear to be legitimate.




                                                                                                  57




        The e-mail asks the receiver for user names, passwords, account numbers, or
        some other type of personal information by saying they are updating records or
        something related to their account requires their attention. The e-mail usually
        links to a site that also appears to be legitimate using logos and other symbols of
        a real company, where visitors are asked to supply the information.

        The first step to avoid becoming the victim of a phishing attack is to know what
        companies do business with you by e-mail and familiarizing yourself with the
        types information they request and how they request it.

        What you will likely learn quickly is that, while online retailers you frequent and
        financial services firms you use online often send you e-mail to make you aware
        of new products or services, or even to alert you when your online bill is ready to
        be viewed, they rarely if ever ask for any information from you.

        Banks and financial services firms will never ask you for any personal information
        via e-mail because e-mail can be notoriously insecure. So any e-mail asking you
        for personal or account information, such as passwords, Social Security numbers,
        PINs, credit or check card numbers, or other confidential information should be
        deemed suspicious.

        Often the sender of a phishing e-mail may appear to be legitimate, but e-mail
        addresses are easily spoofed. Just look at the amount of spam you probably get
        that appears to be from friends, co-workers, or even yourself.

        If a phishing e-mail directs you to a link using an HTML e-mail, the text of the link
        may appear to be legitimate, but following that link often brings you to a Web
        site where the URL (in your Web browser's location bar) is often an IP address
        (basically numbers separated by periods, like 128.0.0) or a site other than the
        institution you think sent you the e-mail.

        Often a sense of urgency is conveyed in the e-mail, such as an alert saying your
        account will be closed if you don't provide information. Take a moment and don’t
        fall for this.



                                                                                                58




        A close look at the body of the e-mail itself may reveal typos, misspellings, or
        horrendously poor grammar. One reason for this is that many phishing attacks
        are launched from overseas, and many are believed to be related to international
        organized crime.

        Despite all the attention phishing has received of late, there remains precious
        little enforcement of the widespread problem and there are simply too many
        attacks to handle. It is an easy buck for online criminals.

        We already covered many of the ways you can detect a phishing attack, but there
        are several simple steps you can take to keep your private information safe that
        bear discussion. Experts say that educating consumers not to follow links in e-
        mails is a good way to help them avoid phishing attacks. Rather than following a
        link in an e-mail, open a browser and go to the site of the retailer or bank in
        question.

        When submitting personal information like credit card numbers, you can ensure
        you are using a secure connection by looking for "https://" in front of the site's
        location on your browser rather than "http://."

        Speaking of your browser, make sure it is up to date with the latest security
        patches. If you use Microsoft's Internet Explorer, visit WindowsUpdate.com to
        see if you need any updates.

        Here are some simple software tools you can use to help guard against online
        identity theft:


                 CoreStreet makes a free product called SpoofStick. It's a browser
                 extension for both the Internet Explorer and FireFox Web browsers that
                 helps users avoid spoofed Web sites. If you do follow a link in a suspicious
                 e-mail, SpoofStick can tell you if the Web site you visit really is the Web
                 site you think you are visiting.




                                                                                                59




                 The EarthLink toolbar, which is also free to Internet users, has a feature
                 called ScamBlocker. EarthLink keeps a database of known phishers, and if
                 you visit a page known to be operated by a phisher it will alert you right in
                 your browser.


        Unfortunately, correcting your credit report when you have become a victim of
        identity theft is no easy proposition. But with some patience and a lot of work,
        you can recover from identity theft and restore your credit report.

        Identity theft can result in damage to your credit rating - damage that could take
        years to fix. Generally, victims of credit and banking fraud are liable for no more
        than the first $50 of the loss. In many cases, the victim will not be required to pay
        any part of the loss.

                                     To reduce your risk of identity theft, protect personal
                                     information and do not carry your Social Security card with
                                     you. Shred items that contain your personal information
                                     and account numbers. Keep your mail safe and store your
                                     personal information in a safe place. Order your credit
                                     report at least once a year to make sure no one is using
                                     your identity to open accounts.

        If you think your identity has been stolen, take the following steps:

                 Contact the three major credit bureaus. Contact the fraud departments of
                 all of the three major credit departments to place a fraud alert on your
                 credit file. The initial fraud alert is for 90 days. You can ask for an
                 extended fraud alert if you file a police report.
                 Close accounts. Close the accounts that you know or believe have been
                 tampered with or opened fraudulently.
                 File a police report. Get a copy of the report to submit to your creditors
                 and others who require proof of the crime.




                                                                                                   60




                 File your complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FTC
                 maintains a database of identity theft cases, which is used by law
                 enforcement agencies for investigations. Filing a complaint also helps us
                 learn more about identity theft and the problems it causes victims.
                 Armed with your police report, FTC affidavit, and sample letters, you
                 must contact your creditors to alert them to the situation. In addition to
                 obvious creditors like your credit card issuers, don't forget utility
                 companies, wireless phone provider, and your ISP.
                 Also remember any private label credit cards to department stores, for
                 example. Don't forget about other personal documents. If your passport
                 was stolen, for example, or if you have reason to believe someone is using
                 a passport in your name, contact the State Department.


        When you are trying to correct your credit report due to identity theft, you will
        have to provide information that proves you are you. That means digging out
        your birth certificate and making a lot of copies of your driver’s license and social
        security card. You’ll also have to try and prove that you didn’t make the
        purchases that the thief or thieves did.

        When you have become a victim of identity theft through phishing, this becomes
        a real problem as these purchases can be made anywhere with a few strokes of
        the keyboard, so proving that the purchases were made by someone other than
        you can be a real headache.

        Just try to be patient and point out to the company or companies who say you
        owe them money that you have filed a police report as well as a report with the
        FTC and that you have been a victim in other places as well.

        As we’ve said, it will take time, but it can be done. Your credit rating and credit
        score is very important, so taking the time to do will pay off in the long run.




                                                                                                61




        Realize that in the long run, you’ll be able to enjoy good credit again. Even if you
        are denied credit, you can appeal the decision by pointing out that you have been
        a victim of identity theft and are trying to correct it. Now let’s take a look at ways
        you can raise your present credit score.




                                                                                                 62

        Chapter            10
        Credit Score Secrets:     - Tricks
                              Simple Raising
                                           To Scoring 750Your
                                                         Or Higher Credit Score



                                   Let’s say you want to buy a house but your credit score
                                   is somewhere around 675 instead of 720 which will get
                                   you the best rate on a home loan. If you want to raise
                                   your credit score quickly, there are some steps you can
                                   take that can guarantee a great home loan or any other
                                   credit line for that matter.

        The mantra for getting a great score is pay your bills on time, keep account
        balances low, and take out new credit only when you need it. People who do
        that faithfully have very high scores.

        It usually means you're being conservative and cautious about credit. It's not a
        toy and it shouldn't be a hobby.

        That's good advice, to be sure, but these actions take a long time. What if you're
        house hunting and you just need a few extra points to bump you over the line to
        the great rates? As we’ve said before, the first place to start is with your credit
        report. Check it over and find out what your credit score is right now.

        You will want to concentrate mostly on correcting any errors by taking the steps
        we’ve outlined above. Look for errors such as accounts that aren't yours, late
        payments that were actually paid on time, debts you paid off that are shown as
        outstanding, or old debts that shouldn't be reported any longer. Negatives are
        supposed to be deleted after seven years, with the exception of bankruptcies,
        which can stay for as long as 10 years.

        After repairing errors, the fastest route to a better score is paying down balances
        on credit cards. There's really no silver bullet, but over 60 day’s time, it is
        possible to increase your score 20 points by paying down your credit lines.

        Had a few late payments in your past? If you find yourself in some financial
        difficulties, you can protect your score by making sure your payments don't go 60
        days past due. Some lenders don't report 30 days past due, but they all report 60
        days past due.



                                                                                              63




        Even if you've paid your bills late in the past, you can improve your credit score
        by paying every bill on time from now on. Forget about grace periods. If you
        want to have a really good record with the credit agencies, pay your debt before
        it's due and keep your balances low.
        One thing you shouldn't do if you're just trying to boost your score is close
        unused accounts. If someone tells you to close unused accounts to improve your
        score, they're pulling your leg. It won't help you and it can actually hurt you.

        Closing unused accounts without paying down your debt changes your utilization
        ratio, which is the amount of your total debt divided by your total available credit.
        You appear closer to maxing out your accounts. That's why your score can drop.
        It doesn't mean people shouldn't close them, but don't close them to improve
        your score.

        If you do cut up cards, though, leave the oldest one open. The length of your
        credit history is another factor in your score. If you close the account of the credit
        card you got when you were a freshman in college and leave open the ones you
        just got within the last couple years, it makes you look like a much newer
        borrower.

        Another strategy for bringing up your score is to transfer balances from a card
        that's close to being maxed out to other cards to even out your usage. You can
        also just spread out your charges between a few cards. Try to get the usage on
        all of them at 20 to 30 percent instead of a bunch at zero and one at 80 percent.
        You're not spending less; you're just shifting it around to different cards.

        Transferring the balance to a card with a lower utilization could help, but it's
        much better to actually pay down the debt if you have the cash kicking around.

        If you're really into finessing the system, check your credit report to see what day
        of the month your creditors send updates on payments to the credit bureaus.
        They're rarely on the same cycle as your payment due date.




                                                                                                 64




        That's why you can pay off your card every month and your credit report will
        show you carrying a balance. Then, make your payments several days before the
        reporting date.

        All of these strategies generally take at least 30 days because lenders don't report
        payments more than once a month.

        If you're in the throes of qualifying for a mortgage and need a score boost in a
        hurry, you can speed the process along with rapid rescoring. If you've got
        legitimate negative information on your credit report, such as late payments or
        accounts in collections, you're out of luck. But the process of rapid rescoring can
        help increase your score within a few days by correcting errors or paying off
        account balances.

        You can't do this one yourself; you'll need a lender who is a customer of a rapid
        rescoring service. Generally, the service will run roughly $50 for every account on
        your credit report that needs to be addressed, but it could save you thousands on
        your loan. If a consumer can find a lender who is a customer of a rapid rescoring
        service, new information can be posted within 72 hours.

        There’s a lot of information that we’ve presented to you in previous section, so
        let’s do a little recap on the more important points.




                                                                                               65

        Chapter 11 - To Review



        The very first thing that you must do in order to raise your credit score is to order
        your free annual credit report and find out what your credit score is. Once you
        have obtained copies of your credit reports from all three credit reporting
        agencies: Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion, you must take the time to go over
        those reports to check for errors and inconsistencies.

        It is imperative that you correct any mistakes or inconsistencies as soon as
        possible. This is the most pro-active step you can take for yourself to increase
        your credit score as mistakes can and do happen.

        Look for accounts that were previously delinquent but which have since been
        paid off. Find any accounts that were closed or any accounts that aren’t yours.
        Then take steps to correct those errors by contacting the credit bureaus and
        beginning the process in writing to have these errors removed from the report.
        This alone can raise your credit score.

        Checking your credit report often can also indicate if you have become a victim of
        identity theft which is something that is happening over and over again with
        frightening frequency. It affects millions of people and can wreak havoc with
        your credit rating.

        Correcting the problem of identity theft is a process that will take quite some
        time, but it can be done with patience and excellent documentation. You should
        definitely be contacting the FTC and filing a police report in this situation so that
        you credibility cannot be called into question.

        In the above section, we discussed extensively the option of filing for bankruptcy.
        This should be done only as a last resort and if you are in dire financial straits that
        cannot be solved if you just don’t have the means to pay off your debts.

        Filing for bankruptcy doesn’t have the stigma attached to it that it once did and is
        nothing to be ashamed of. While it’s true that the bankruptcy will remain on
        your credit report for up to ten years, lenders know that you will not be able to
        file for bankruptcy again within that time frame, so you may actually be able to
        obtain credit anyway after a bankruptcy.


                                                                                                  66




        Before you resort to a bankruptcy filing, you can first try getting the advice of a
        credit counselor to help get you back on track when it comes to your money
        problems.

        Find a reputable company that provides results and know that you will be paying
        a small fee for this service, but one that will probably be worth it in the end.
        Credit counseling companies not only work with your creditors to secure lower
        repayment rates, but they provide financial planning advice for you to use in the
        future so you are not put in the same situation you were in before.

        If you do have steady income, you may want to look into a debt consolidation
        loan. That way you can pay off your creditors and make one monthly payment to
        one company instead of several monthly payments to several companies. There
        are also companies who can help with debt consolidation loans although you can
        certainly do it on your own.

        They can, however, secure loans for you with a lower interest rate and shop
        around to different companies to find you the best debt consolidation loan and
        help you get out of debt.

        If you have bad credit, expect to take about a year or two to get it up to a better
        credit rating. How do you do this? Let’s review:

                 Pay your bills on time. This alone will show good faith to your creditors
                 and have a positive effect on your credit rating.
                 Don’t use credit at all if possible. That means cutting up your credit cards
                 and paying cash for the things you need.
                 You may want to keep one credit card that you can use for emergencies –
                 but remember that it is for emergencies only. Keep the oldest card you
                 have as that shows you are not newly applying for credit.




                                                                                                67




                 A good idea for not using that one credit card is to freeze it in a block of
                 ice. It won’t damage the card and it will require thawing before you can
                 use it. That way, you will have to wait before making a purchase thus
                 eliminating the lure of an impulse purchase.
                 Don’t apply for new lines of credit at all. The only time you should ever be
                 applying for credit when you are financial straits is if you need to make a
                 big purchase such as a vehicle or home.
                 Monitor your credit report faithfully and immediately correct any mistakes
                 that you find.
                 If you find that you cannot make a payment on time, call your creditor and
                 explain the circumstances. If you have been a good customer, they may
                 be willing to accept a late payment and waive the late fees. Try not to do
                 this too often as it can reflect poorly on your payment history.
                 If you have little to no credit, you can establish credit by obtaining a
                 department store or gas credit card. Then you make a few purchases and
                 pay the balance off immediately.
                 Be very careful when making
                 purchases online. Make sure that
                 when you are entering in your credit
                 card number it is done on a web site
                 that starts with https://. The “s” at
                 the end of the http designation
                 shows that it is a secure sight that
                 will keep your information private.


                 Beware of “phishing” e-mails that direct you to a separate site where you
                 are asked to provide personal information. This is how many identity
                 thieves obtain your bank account or credit card numbers and they can run
                 up horrendous bills in a few moments of time.
                 If you want to obtain a large loan as for a vehicle, you may want to try and
                 get a co-signer who has good credit. Their good name and credit history
                 can help you get the loan and build your credit at the same time.


                                                                                                68




                 Again, we want to iterate the most important thing about maintaining
                 good credit and raising your credit score: MAKE YOUR PAYMENTS ON
                 TIME! And use credit sparingly.


        There are a lot of great tools available online to help you with credit and making
        credit decisions. Go to www.myfico.com and check out some of their calculators.
        Since FICO is the company who assigns you that magic little number that is your
        credit score, they are a great source of help for the consumer. At this site, you
        can find out:

                 Which loan is better?
                 How much your mortgage payments will be?
                 How much money you can afford to borrow?
                 Whether or not you are better off refinancing a loan?
                 How much refinancing costs will be?
                 Whether or not you should consolidate your credit cards?
                 How long it will take to pay off a credit card balance?
                 How rate changes will affect your loan balance?


        And much, much more!

        You can also find many other websites that can help guide you through not only
        the credit process but how to get and maintain a solid credit score and rating.
        Last, but not least, don’t forget the three major credit card reporting agencies.
        These are the places you should start to obtain your credit report and get on your
        way toward better credit.




                                                                                             69




                 Experian: www.experian.com
                 TransUnion: www.transunion.com
                 Equifax: www.equifax.com


        Plus, you can also go to the following websites to obtain your annual free credit
        report that is available once a year to all consumers:

                 www.annualcreditreport.com
                 www.freecreditreport.com




                                                                                            70

        Conclusion



        Like we said at the beginning of this book, we are a country in debt. One person I
        know once told me that it was “The American Way” to buy things on credit and
        then owe people money. While that might not be the best way to think about it,
        when the price of things like vehicles and homes is well beyond what we would
        be able to pay cash for, we have to face the reality that credit is necessary.


        In all actuality, the concept of credit has actually been around for a very long time.
        Anyone who is a fan of “Little House on the Prairie” knows that when the Ingalls
        would go to the General Store, they would always put their items “on account”
        which would be paid later – usually when the crops were in or Paw got paid from
        his various jobs.

        Back then, credit reports and credit scores weren’t necessary. It was an
        unwritten rule that the accounts would eventually be paid. A man’s word was his
        name and their name meant everything back then. Collection agencies weren’t
        necessary and accounts always got paid even if took some time. The shop
        owners didn’t worry and were willing to wait. It was the law of the settlers albeit
        and unwritten one!

        Then we continued to want more and more in our lives and “stuff” became
        almost necessary in our minds. As time passed, accounts weren’t being paid and
        businesses were asked to take hits from people who reneged on their
        agreements.

        This brings us to where we are today: a nation in debt. Even the Federal
        Government is in debt. It only goes to follow that citizens would be in debt too.

        That said, we know we need credit to obtain the things we need – and often
        those that we don’t. Credit card companies are preying on people at a younger
        and younger age. That puts young people alarmingly in debt before they even
        get to the legal drinking age.




                                                                                                 71




        That’s why it’s so important to know about credit and when it should be used as
        well as when it shouldn’t be used. Practice smart credit procedures and don’t
        overextend yourself. You can easily find yourself in trouble before you even
        know it.

        Then the time comes to change your spending habits, make smart credit
        decisions and take steps to raise your credit score. No matter what situation you
        might find yourself in regarding your credit, you can not only get out of debt, but
        you can restore your credit and enjoy a high credit score.

        It takes time and a little bit of effort, but it certainly can be done. You just need
        to be diligent about your spending habits and then monitor your credit reports so
        you know where you stand at any particular time.

        Credit is an important part of our society, so cherish your credit history and your
        credit score. Make it just as important to you as your good name and keep it
        clean and pristine. It can mean so much to your future and your future is just as
        important as the present.

        You know what they say: The past is the past, the future is the future, but today
        is a gift – that’s why they call it the present!

        Good Luck!




                                                                                                72

       Recommended                       Resources



                 Free HTML Editor – NVU allow you to create your own web pages the
                 simple and easy way without any HTML or PHP programming knowledge.
                 Free FTP Program – FileZilla is FTP (File Transfer Protocol) software that
                 allows you to upload files to your website and also it is built-in and strong
                 and easy to use web interface, besides using for uploading of files to your
                 website, you can also use this software to perform files downloading from
                 your website for backup purpose.
                 Domain Names – Hosting4Wealth domain Names for your new website
                 are a bargain here.
                 Web Hosting – Hosting4Wealth Hosting offers unlimited domain hosted in
                 one account with reasonable monthly hosting fee of less than $10 per
                 month.
                 Merchant Account – Paypal.com offers you to accept credit card payment
                 from your customers all around the world with various currency options.
                 Autoresponder Choice 1 - Aweber offers the most reliable autoresponders
                 on the net! If email deliverability is important to you signup today!
                 Niche Contents PLR & MRR Membership – Niche4Wealth is a membership
                 site that delivers 4 brand new niche private labels resell rights products on
                 monthly basis and also offers more than hundreds resell rights products in
                 the libraries. If you are looking for a way to make more income profits on
                 each day selling info products, why not pay a visit to this site to see how
                 you can make money with the products and contents in the membership.




                                                                                                 73