



    Some facts about vendor credit lines:
    You can get products and services your business needs and defer payment on
    those for 30 days. It thereby eases cash flow. This is Net 30. Many of our vendors
    open a Net 30 terms account with your company. And they will do so with as
    little as an EIN number and a verified 411 listing.
    Start with our preferred vendor list. They are known to grant credit to companies
    with no credit history. Always apply first without your SSN; some vendors
    request it. Some even tell you on the phone they have to have it. Submit first
    without it, with your EIN only. If they ask you to personal guarantee it after you
    have submitted it without, then this is up to you.
    Some vendors may ask you to place an initial prepaid order. If so, get that order
    out of the way fast and move onto getting a Net 30 account for your second or
    third order. Remember, the goal here is to have at least five (5) Net 30 accounts
    open and reporting. Be patient. Allow time for vendor reporting cycles to get
    into the system and start impacting your business credit scores. It typically
    takes three (3) cycles of Net accounts reporting to build credit scores. In other
    words, it can take 60 to 90 days to get them to report and show up on your file.
    This is why it takes 90 to 120 days to build business credit scores. The credit
    reporting cycles are the main reason for this. It cannot happen any faster.
    4.1 – The Starter Set of Net 30 Vendors.
    4.2 – Vendors For Computers and Electronics.
    4.3 – Vendors for Office Supplies, Marketing, and Print.
    4.4 – Vendors for Building and Industrial Supplies.
    4.5 – Vendors Who Are Major Retail and Specialty Providers.
    4.6 – A Summary of Your Selected Vendor Accounts and Applications.

    Step 5 – The Retail Credit Tier
    Step 5 is all about retail credit accounts.
    Having three (3) retail business credit card accounts is key. It is how you get to
    successful business credit building.





6
      materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion