This is a long document but well worth reading.  The following information will help you to correct your credit and should be done with all Credit Bureaus.

Regards,

Nathan Woods
Mortgage Banker
Cell Phone (253-334-8956

Email:  HYPERLINK "mailto:nathan@metloans.com" nathan@metloans.com
Web:  HYPERLINK "http://www.metloans.com" www.metloans.com

Metropolitan Mortgage
Office: (253) 334-8956

In this section you will learn the ways of removing negative items from your credit file.  These methods are sometimes referred to as “Credit Repair”.  These are the exact same methods credit repair agencies and attorneys charge up to $3,500 to perform.  Since they do not always do it correctly, consumers have been taken for millions of dollars over the past years.  We will show you some other secrets that will allow you to outsmart creditors who are damaging your credit.


What the Credit Bureaus Don’t Tell You

Each item on your credit report must be proven or it cannot remain in the report.
If the credit bureau cannot verify the item when it was investigated, it must be removed from your file whether or not it’s true.

Every negative entry on your report can be denied or challenged at any time.  The
The bureau must reinvestigate and if that item cannot be verified within a “reasonable amount of time”, it must be removed from the file.

Items when challenged can be mistakenly erased.  Consumers say they often 
experience computer operator mistakes. 

Many times the creditor does not re-verify in time or the credit bureau is busy and 
does not handle your dispute properly.  It must then be deleted.

The older an item, the more difficult re-verification is.  It is possible it cannot be 
verified because records may no longer exist after 1 or 2 years.


Steps to Repair Your Credit

Obtain your three credit reports.
Review the reports and locate negative items.
Dispute the negative items with the credit bureaus.
Disputed items are removed or corrected.  Items that were not re-verified are removed.
Negotiate with creditors and collection companies.
After negotiating and making payment, creditors delete the negative accounts or change them to a positive rating.
State the item you are disputing, but do not use dispute forms or file numbers provided by the bureau.  This will cause fewer delays by the credit bureau asking for clarification.
Do not confirm the account if any information about the item is wrong.
Do not use letterhead (you don’t want to raise any Red Flags).
Do not photocopy a fill in the blanks form letter (another Red Flag).
Send disputes during busy times of the year.  For Example: The first to middle of November can cause a delay in verification because of Thanksgiving.  Christmas rush for the creditor and the bureau can catch them before they can thoroughly investigate within a reasonable time.

Your Rights Are Important!

The Fair Credit Reporting Act

All Federal Laws are in the consumer’s favor.  This means you have the advantage.  The specific law used here is the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act.

One part of this law states that when you dispute any information contained on your credit file, the Credit Bureau must verify the accuracy of the information with the creditor who reported the information within 30 days.  If they are unable to verify the information within 30 days, it must be removed.

Congress passed The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) because they felt we all deserve a second chance.  This act gives you the right to correct, update, amend and tell your side of what happened to the credit community.  These laws do not work though unless you initiate and use them.

The Fair Credit Reporting Act sets certain guidelines which credit bureaus and your creditors must follow when reporting your credit file, as well as giving the consumer certain rights.

All of this brings us to the fascinating task of working on your credit reports.  Begin by getting defensive about your credit report.  Remember that these credit reporting bureaus are just private companies selling information about you and are not your friends.  You never authorized your creditors to sell this information and you are not sharing in the profits they and the credit bureaus are making.

Your Six Basic Rights under The Fair Credit Reporting Act
You, the consumer, have the right to challenge the accuracy of your credit report any time.
The credit bureaus must reinvestigate anything you challenge without a charge.
The credit bureaus must reinvestigate within a reasonable amount of time.  30 days constitutes a “reasonable amount of time” unless the bureau notifies you otherwise. (keep and accurate record of contacts)
If the credit bureau finds an error in the challenged item, they must delete or correct that information in your files immediately.
If the credit bureaus cannot or do not confirm the challenged item within 30 days, they must delete that information from your files immediately.
You have the right to submit a Consumer Statement of your view of the problem.  If you, as a credit consumer, dispute the accuracy of certain information in your credit report and it is verified by the creditor as correct, then the credit bureau is required to include your explanation of your dispute, if you request, in your credit report.  Limit your explanation to no more than 100 words.


Important:  You do not want us or any other company to file a dispute for you because if the dispute is sent from anyone other than you, the credit bureau will suspect that you have paid someone to repair your credit.  This will not work as well as it could have if you had sent the letters directly.

As the Credit Bureaus did not lend you money, they are not as concerned as you if the information they have is correct or not.  They are only paid to store the information.

Consumers working on their credit reports say many times their letters are ignored by the credit bureaus.  It is believed the credit bureaus try to discourage consumers from working on the reports by making it difficult.  Consumer’s say even with proof that the item is not theirs; its removal from their report can take three or four challenge letters.  When the credit bureaus say they have verified or confirmed an item, it seems all they have done is verified it with their computers.  THIS IS NOT ENOUGH PROOF!!!  They need to provide greater proof, so read on…

Sending your dispute letter by CERTIFIED RETURN RECIPT MAIL greatly increases your chance of a response.  This should be done on the second attempt.  Keep a record of when you mailed the dispute letters and what date you should expect a response.  If you have received no answer to your dispute after 30 to 37 days, attack the credit bureau with a certified return receipt letter, for an updated credit report demanding the disputed items be deleted.  If the bureaus do not reply within the 30 days, it must be that the information was either inaccurate, or it could not be verified.  In either case, according to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the items must be immediately deleted.

Consumers have found it possible to eliminate negative marks on credit reports simply by going through this process of disputing items over and over again.  Since many creditors wont take the time to defend the negative item, eventually you can “repair” your credit through default by your creditor not responding to the credit bureaus request to verify.  This commonly occurs.  The creditors do not always have the time to deal with a bothersome piece of paperwork and that is your advantage.

When you get the updated report carefully review it to see if you have lost the negative items and to see if anything else has changed.  Consumers working on their credit report have found while disputing one negative item, for no apparent reason, another negative item or two disappeared.  Usually some progress is made on each time you challenge, but do not get discouraged if you don’t get results each time.  Remember, the credit bureau would like you to quit bothering them because if you aren’t disputing the report, they can legally continue selling it as profitable information.

After you have received your response, repeat the process all over again.  Consumers who have successfully cleaned their credit say that they have denied a bankruptcy or judgment and have received verification from the credit bureau that it was in public record.  They denied a second time and some even a third time, and finally the credit bureau deleted the bankruptcy from the report.  So do not get discouraged!  Patience and persistence are important keys to incredible success in repairing a damaged credit report.

The creditors who reported the items to the bureaus must be the ones to provide information to verify the dispute.  These creditors do not always have the staff and proper records to verify all disputes within 30 days to keep the item from being removed.  So you can see how possible it is to remove negative items from your credit file.  How well is this going to work for you?  The only way to find out is to try.  Certain items are easier to remove than others.

Easier Items to Dispute and Remove

Items older than 2 years
Discharged bankruptcies
Charge-offs
Inquiries
Repossessions
Late Payments
Accounts that were late but are now paid off
Accounts that aren’t yours.

The reason these items are easier to remove is simple; when you dispute an older account or an item that is now charged off, the creditor is not too concerned with the account anymore.  They may not even be able to find the necessary information to verify the dispute.  Even if the account was once seriously past due, but now is paid off, they usually will not take the time to verify the dispute since they have already been paid off.

More Difficult Items to Dispute And Have Removed

Accounts that are currently past due
Recent Bankruptcies
Judgments
IRS or State Tax Liens
Current collection accounts

These are more difficult because creditors keep these types of accounts in their current files and they are expecting you to pay them.  That is why it will be much easier for them to verify the information and keep the item on your credit file.  However it is always worth a try.

Important:  It is completely legal for you to dispute items on your credit file even if you know they are correct.  You are simply testing to see if your creditors have maintained the proper records to verify the dispute.  You have a very bad memory and forgot that the negative accounts on your credit file are really yours.

Federal Laws require that the Credit Bureaus verify all disputes.  If they are unable to verify your dispute, the law says it must be removed from your file.

Step 1: To dispute a negative item on your credit file you need to first identify the negative items that you want removed.

Once you know which items to dispute, DO NOT complete the Dispute Forms that Credit Bureaus included with copies of your credit file that they sent you.  It’s much more effective to follow the outlines of the sample letters included at the end of this document.

Be sure to include a copy of your credit file and keep the original for your records.  Highlight or underline the items that you are disputing.  Mail the dispute forms to the address listed on each credit file.

To dispute an inquiry, simply write that you never applied for credit with that company.

Make a photocopy of your dispute letter for your records and be sure to send it by Certified and Return Receipt Mail from your local Post Office.  Mail your dispute form to the address provided with your credit file.  Repeat the above process for each item that you want removed or changed.

Step 2: After reviewing your updated credit file and finding that most or all the negative items have been removed, you may now focus on building a positive credit profile.  Positive information will always outweigh a few negative items that may remain on you file.

Step 3:  This technique is extremely effective in removing any negative information that was supposedly verified as correct after your dispute.

Important: Always remember that if the dispute is sent in from anyone other than you, it raises a Red Flag.  Since they make so many mistakes it is imperative that they believe you are working alone and trying to fix a legitimate mistake.

If there is a negative item that you want removed from your credit, such as a bankruptcy, charge off or collection account, you may want to write that this is NOT your account and you want it removed immediately.

If the account is now paid off, but was seriously past due at one time, DO NOT write that it is not your account.  Instead, write that this is your account but was NEVER past due and you need it updated to say that everything has always been current.


An Extremely Powerful Technique…
This auditing technique is usually only practiced by attorneys.  It would be very expensive to hire attorneys to do this for you.  However, by following the instructions you’ll get similar results as any attorney (you just wont have to pay).

If the Credit Bureaus were able to verify any disputed information as correct, it would remain on you credit file.  So you’ll need to contact the creditor who is reporting the information.  The creditor who reported the item is listed on the left or bottom of your credit file.  If their phone number is not provided, call directory assistance in their city and ask for the creditor’s telephone number.  Call and ask them to mail you written proof and documentation that this is actually your account, since you do not believe the account belongs to you.

Almost all creditors and collection agencies use computers to store information about debtors and they throw out the original, signed contracts along with other original documents.  This makes storing the information easy and organized but makes it impossible to prove the account is really yours and not just another mistake.

Federal Law requires that upon your request, all creditors must show you written proof that the account in question is in fact yours.  Written proof is a copy of the contract you signed with the original creditor.  As we explained before, you are stored on the creditors computer and chances are excellent that they threw out all proof that this is your account.

The only creditors that may have proof are the courts (Recent Bankruptcies, Unpaid Tax Liens, Unpaid Judgments & Unpaid Child Support).


Again, all Federal Laws are in your favor.  If you say an account is not yours and the creditor does not have written proof that it is, they must cease all collection activity as well as removing the account from your credit file.  If they don’t have written proof that the account is yours, there are two ways to get the item removed (see items A & B in the next section).

Important:  Allow a creditor 7 days to get the proof into your mailbox (3 days to find it and 4 days for the mail).  If it takes any longer they probably do not have proof and you should start taking the action listed below.  If the creditor does supply you with all the written proof that the account belongs to you, go to Step 4.

Get The Edge Above Your Creditors
Contact the Attorney Generals Office in the city of the creditor who is damaging your credit.  Get the phone number through directory assistance.  Tell them that you have a creditor who is damaging your credit by reporting an account that is not yours.  You have requested proof the account belongs to you and they do not have it.  They will contact the creditor and have the account removed from your credit file.  This is a free legal service and they will get the item removed.
If you want to make some money off of the creditor then take them to Small Claims Court.  To do this, you will need to call your county courthouse and ask about the proper procedure to follow to get a court date.  It’s very easy and you can do it all yourself.  You’ll be asked to fill out one or two simple forms stating your complaint.  You may want to write that you wish to remove the item from your credit file since it is not yours and the creditor has no proof that it is your account.  After you receive a court date, mark it in your calendar and make sure to attend at the proper time, place and date.  Bring in the receipts from the registered mail you used for your disputes along with your phone bill and sue the creditor for your expenses and emotional stress.  Remember, if they do not have proof that this is your account you will win and the account will be removed from your credit file!  Also, if the creditor is out of state and does not show in court, you win by their default.  In almost every case the creditor fails to appear in court because they are too busy.

Step 4:  If the creditor is able to supply the written proof you request, offer to settle the debt for 10 cents on the dollar provided that you have the money.  If you don’t have the money go to step 5.  If you owe $1000, offer the creditor $100.  If they refuse, tell them that you’ll file bankruptcy and they will get nothing.  This will certainly open them up to negotiating with you.  Whatever you agree to pay them, it should be a lot less than you originally owed them.  Do not agree to pay interest charges or penalties on past due or collection accounts.

Step 5:  If you don’t have the money to make payment arrangements, start back at Step 1 of this section.  Remember that the laws are in your favor and you are legally allowed by Federal Law to dispute the negative items on you credit file every 30 days.  You are allowed to repeat the process as many times as you wish until the Credit Bureaus cannot verify the information and must remove it.  As you already know, the creditors don’t have the time or the staff to handle each dispute properly. 

Sometimes Credit Bureaus reply that they have already verified the information as correct.  If this happens, write back telling them that it’s a Federal Law that they must verify your disputes and that you’ll sue them for $5,000 for each dispute that they do not handle properly.  Once they know that you are aware of your rights, they will become very cooperative.

Extremely Important:  If you agree to make payment arrangements with any creditor, do so only under one condition.  The condition is that before you pay any money, the creditor must mail you a written agreement that they will report the account to the Credit Bureaus as current, paid off and never late!!  Otherwise, it may still remain on your credit file and may not be worth paying.






































Disputing Specific Items and Inquiries

Date

Credit Bureau
Address

Re: Acct. #

Dear (Bureau Name)

Going over my credit report I have found it has many errors.  I request your investigation of the following:

1.  Sears; I spoke with Sears again to verify my records.  They confirmed this as my account and that there were no late payments to this account.  They will draft a letter if needed to correct this error.  Please contact this creditor.

2.  Foreclosure 5/92; I did not have a foreclosure in 1992 or since then.  Please remove this.

3. Collection Account __________ ; I have tried to get to the bottom of this with the information your company supplied.  How are you able to confirm when I cannot?  (See enclosed copy).  This is not mine.  Please remove this.

The consumer has no protection against automobile salespersons who are not concerned about a persons credit report or what problems multiple inquiries can cause.  Your credit bureau has legal responsibility in this matter.  There should be more supervision on access to credit files by salespersons with these dealerships.

I did not authorize the following inquiries and demand they be removed from my file:

GMAC There are 4 different days in November of 20__.  Why would this be? Please remove 3 of these entries.  I only authorized one time.
Nissan Motor Corp.  I only authorized one.  Please remove the other 4 entries.

These listed accounts are neither my debts nor my authorized inquiries.  Please correct this by the removal of these items from my credit report.  Please send a copy of my corrected possible to my address listed below.

Sincerely,

Your Signature
Name
Address
Soc Sec. Number
Request a Reinvestigation of Items Still on Your Credit

Date

ATTN: CUSTOMER RELATIONS DEPARTMENT
Credit Bureau
Address

Dear (Bureau Name)

I have been around and around with your company regarding the errors which I have.
And they continue to remain in my consumer credit report.

I am again noting that problems have been discovered and they continue to remain unresolved.

I don’t know how better to state my problem nor do I know how to correct the errors.

The following accounts are not mine.

Account Name & Numbers
______________________
______________________                      

Since you have not given me the names of persons with their business addresses that you contacted for re-verification of the information, so that I could follow up as I requested, I assume that you have not been able to verify the information I have disputed.

If this problem continues and I am forced to seek some form of professional assistance, you have been forewarned of the harm that this problem is causing me.

I shall assume that 30 days constitutes a “reasonable time” to complete these actions unless you immediately notify me otherwise.

Send me an updated copy of my credit report with these items deleted.

Thanks

Signature
Name
Address
Soc Sec Number




When Credit Bureaus Request More Information

Date

ATTN.: CUSTOMER RELATIONS DEPARTMENT

Credit Bureau
Address

RE: Investigation of credit file

Dear (Bureau):

On _________(date), I wrote to (Bureau) at this address and filed a dispute of information in my credit report.  This dispute indicated that the information was in dispute and identified the data from the language used in the credit report.

I also gave my address and copy of my driver’s license.  And I’ve enclosed those documents again now.

Please expedite my original request dated ______.  It has now been 14 days and I am still burdened with the inaccurate credit reporting.  

Sincerely,

Signature
Name
Address
Soc Sec Number





