                 Shelf Corp Secrets                                                                 Shelf Corporations


                 A shelf corporation, also called an aged corporation, is a corporation that has had no
                 activity. It was created and put on the "shelf" to age. This is the conventional meaning
                 of a shelf corporation but recently we have all been seen shelf corporations being sold
                 with credit files already established.

                 The major reason for acquiring a shelf corporation for building business credit is, some
                 lenders only lend to corporations that are two years old. You really cannot blame them
                 in this current economic climate. If you were a lender, I assure you that you will feel
                 more comfortable lending money to a corporation that has been in business for 20 years
                 than one that has been in business for 6 months.

                 Anyway, let’s briefly look at what to expect when looking for a shelf corp the
                 conventional way. So in looking for shelf corporations we have a number of questions.

                     •    What should I look for in a Shelf Corporation?
                     •    Where can I get a Shelf Corporation?
                     •    What should I pay for a Shelf Corporation?

                 When you are done with this book, I am pretty sure that almost everything that you
                 thought you knew about shelf corps will be dispelled.



                 WHAT SHOULD I LOOK FOR IN A SHELF CORPORATION?
                                      Buying a shelf corporation can be a pretty expensive purchase so we
                                      will like to take every precaution that this corporation is worth it.
                                      When purchasing a shelf corporation you must first get as much
Trade Secret                          information on the corporation as possible. Current Name, Address,
                                      Tax ID (if applicable), DUNS Number (if applicable) and telephone
Shelf corporations are simply         number. This will give you the necessary information to check the
aged corporations and every           background of the company. You first want to go to the Secretary of
day, in every state, there are
corporations that are being
                                      State website of the state the Corporation is Inc’d in and check to
closed. In some situations an         ensure that the company is active and up to date with all state fees.
entrepreneur may have started         Secondly you will need to check the company’s credit files at Dun
a business and it failed and he       and Bradstreet and Experian Business. You may have to pay for the
simply stopped paying his state       credit file but if the sources for your shelf corps are not reliable, this
fees to keep the corporation
active and there are other times
                                      will be worth it. It is also better for the corporation to already have
when the business did not even        a Tax ID number and preferably a DUNS number although getting a
get off the ground. This is where     DUNS number with a shelf corp is rare.
you can capitalize. You can go to
your state Secretary of State
website and reinstate these
corporations. Much of the             WHERE CAN I GET A SHELF CORPORATION?
company’s information and
owner’s information is available.     We recommend one reseller of shelf corps: Amerilawyer.com.
In most state you simply have to
send in some paperwork and
pay for all the yearly
                  3 | fees that
the company was inactive.
Please see your respective SOS
website for more information.