

“Shelf Corp Secrets” is meant to take you to the next level in business credit building. It is a
straight forward guide that will give you all the tools you need to acquire business lines of credit
in a very short space of time. I have done my very best to leave out all the fluff and
unnecessary information. If you are not well versed in business credit building, I suggest that
you start with the Business Credit Bible.



 If you are reading this, you must understand that you have access to information and
techniques of building business credit that 99% of the business world simply does not have
access to. Most “business credit gurus” either do not know these techniques or will refuse to
share them with you. I have chosen to divulge this information for two reasons;

       1. Money is getting extremely scarce and business owners need this information more
          than ever.
       2. I am moving away from business credit consulting and this book will fill that void.



This book will take much of the waiting out of building business credit and take you straight to
very high revolving lines of vendor credit as well as revolving cash credit. Let me break down
the time line of acquiring corporate credit with “Shelf Corp Secrets” opposed to using the
convention method of building credit from the ground up.

With SCS, you can:

       1. Find a corporation, check the credit, and reinstate the corporation all in one day.
          The state takes 1-3 days to reinstate the corporation.
       2. Once the corporation is again active, you will have to contact DnB to change the
          basic contact information to the current contact information. i.e. The new business
          address, phone number and owner(s). This will take an additional 3-5 business days.
       3. Now that DnB has updated the information, you are ready to rock and roll. You will
          immediately be able to apply for tier 5 credit lines (according to the business credit
          bible) depending on the strength of the corporation’s credit.



       With Shelf Corp Secrets, you have now taken a 6-8 months business credit building
       process and reduced it to 2 weeks. This book gives you the ability to actually become a
       shelf corp vendor. You now have all the tools necessary to get shelf corporations with
       established credit files from $300. With this book you can literally establish hundreds of
       thousands of dollars in business credit using multiple corporations within weeks.




6|