



            Shelf Corp Secrets’ process is a little different and much shorter than the business credit bible’s
            process. This eliminates the entire setting up and initial building process of the corporation. We
            will not completely rule out some of those initial net 30 accounts but we will now be able to get
            revolving lines of credit very early in the “game”. We can now start with tier 3 accounts and
            move on and forgo those tedious tier 1 and 2 accounts.



                                    Step 1- Go to your Secretary of State website and identify corporations
                                    that have been dissolved due to lack of payment to the state.
Note
                                    Step 2- Check the credit of the corporations that interest you. These are
The process of doing the initial
                                    usually old corporations that have only been inactive for a short period.
research on a corporation was
only described for the state of     Identify the one you will like to have.
FL in this book. This does not
mean that it cannot be done for     Step 3- Contact the current principal of the corporation and arrange for
other states. I have done this      you to be the owner from that point on (This step is skipped by a couple
process for a number of states      clients I know but it is a risk).
and FL’s Secretary of State’s is
very user friendly. In order to     Step 4- Make the necessary preparations to reinstate the corporation.
acquire corporations in other       You will need to acquire a virtual office, a phone number and a
states, you simply need to get
                                    registered agent for your corporation.
very acquainted with their
respective SOS website. See the
“Elements Needed” section for
                                    Step 5- Pay the states reinstatement fees and edit the address and
a list of SOS websites.             officers to your new address (Your Home address/Office Address/Virtual
                                    Office Address)

            Step 6- Call Dun and Bradstreet to get information updated. i.e. New Address, Officers, Phone
            Number, Resident Agent, ect. This usually takes about a week to be changed.

            Step 7- Once all the information is changed you can start applying for credit. It’s that simple.




            8|