

STEP 2
CHECK THE CREDIT OF THE CORPORATION

Now that we have found an appropriate corporation, we have to check the credit of the
corporation. DnB charges $40-$180 to check the credit of a corporation but we want to get the
complete $180 credit file. Paying this fee is not cost effective since you may have to check the
credit of multiple corporations before you find a good one. In order to get around this you will
need to acquire a DnBi account from DnB. DnBi is a service that DnB offers to corporations to
check the credit of other corporations. We will cover the process of acquiring the account with
no initial payment in the “Elements Needed” chapter.



Please see the credit file that was included in the zip file, “A1 Affordable Mobility Corp – Credit
File.pdf”. This is included to give you an understanding of a DnB credit file. Choosing a
corporation based on its credit is subjective. You may be looking for a corporation just for the
age and you will do the credit building yourself, or you may be looking for a corporation with an
80 paydex or higher. I personally look for corporations with a 78+ paydex, with 5+ trades and
one trade must be at least $500.



As we inspect the credit file of A1 A.M.C., we have to look at a number of key factors.



   1. The paydex of the corporation is 80.

   2. There are 5 trades and the largest trade is $1000.

   3. Under “Public Filings” on page one, there are no judgments, liens, bankruptcies or law
      suits.

   4. There is a phone number listed for the corporation. I have found that in about 70% of
      the cases, this number still works, and the old owner can usually be found by calling this
      number.

   5. Under “Payment Details” on page 5 of the report, there are no recent “Now Owes”
      listed.

   6. Under “Business Registration” on page 6 of the report, the company is listed as inactive.
      There are a number of ways to deal with this. You can fax in the active company charter
      to DnB once the company is reinstated. They will then change this on your company
      report. You must also note that some credit files do not have inactive listed on them. If
      you choose not to deal with DnB, you can leave this as is. You may or may not have a
      problem with the lenders. If you do, you can simply fax the active company charter


20 |