

STEP 3
CONTACT THE PREVIOUS OWNER OF THE CORPORATION

This step is pretty straight forward but in some case may require some resourcefulness.



Although the corporation is inactive, the previous owners have the right to the corporation.
Some of my students who use this technique to acquire shelf corporations skip this step in
some instances but I do not recommend this.



So at this stage you will want to contact the listed principal of the corporation and let him know
that you will like to acquire his corporation. You need to do this without making it apparent
that the corporation has any “real” value.



I usually start by calling the phone number listed on the corporation and asking for the listed
CEO/President of the corporation. In most cases, the principal is at that phone number. Once I
get into contact with the owner, I first confirm that he/she isn’t doing business under the given
name. Once this is confirmed you then have to continue to come to a strategic way of getting
the corporation for “No Money” to them. Let us assume that the owner’s name is John Doe,
the conversation usually goes like this:

Me: Hi good afternoon/morning, I am trying to get in contact with John Doe in connection with
A1 Inc.

       John: Yes, this is John, how may I help you. (In many cases he will go right to the point
and say that the company has been out of business)

Me: I was in the process of starting a corporation and I was trying to use A1 Inc and I was
informed by the state that you had an old corporation with that name so I cannot use the
name. I will like to know if I can get permission to you to use the company’s name.

       John: That is fine but how do we do this.

Me: Well I noticed that you have some outstanding fees and taxes owed to the state. I will like
to pay all outstanding fees and taxes for your corporation to the state and use your
corporation’s name. I will accept any liability that the corporation has and no assets that you
may have had under the corporations name. This is all that needs to be done. If you will like
something in writing I can fax/mail you a simple form just explaining the agreement that we
just came to. If not I can simply pay all fees and transfer the name so that I can use it.

       John: Yes, this is no problem. You can send me the form.


22 |