

STEP 4
PREPARE TO REINSTATE YOUR NEW CORPORATION

Before you reinstate the corporation you will need a number of factors in place:

   1. Business Address- This business address can be any of the options that we covered in
      the Business Credit Bible. You will need this established before you reinstate the
      corporation because you will have to input this information when you reinstate the
      corporation. Your address can be a home address, an actual business address or a
      Virtual Office. A UPS store address is simply out of the question. I have used Regus.com
      for many of my virtual office needs but they are very popular. In many cases, when
      using such a large virtual office provider, the lenders usually ask for a utility bill such as a
      phone bill to confirm that you are at that address. This can simply be avoided by
      choosing a smaller virtual office company. You can start your search by simply going to
      craigslist for any of the cities in the state that you are reinstating the corporation in and
      search for virtual offices.

   2. Business Phone Number- One thing that I have noticed with these older corporations is
      that lenders are not as stringent with the 411 listing as they are for very young
      corporations but in order to cover all bases, I still suggest you acquire a phone number
      that is listed in 411. When choosing a phone number, I will start with the number that is
      currently listed on the DnB file. If this number is out of service, I will contact the
      provider for that area (in FL it is ATT) and reactivate that phone number as an
      RCF(remote call forwarding number). This will do two things; it will reduce the amount
      of information that needs to be changed on the DnB file and it will allow you to be listed
      in 411. If the number is in service, you can simply use any of the business telephone
      options that were covered in the Business Credit Bible. One option that you may want
      to consider is a vumber number. You can get details at www.vumber.com. What this is,
      is a remote call forwarding number that you can return calls with. This is huge for some
      vendors that want you to return their calls.

   3. Resident Agent- a registered agent is a business or individual designated to receive
      service of process (SOP) when a business entity is a party in a legal action such as a
      lawsuit or summons. FL law (as do other states) requires each corporation to have a
      registered agent in the state. Many companies offer this service for $100 per year. One
      of these corporations can be found at http://www.incorp.com/florida-registered-
      agent.aspx. If you have a relative or friend who resides in the state of the corporation,
      they can act as the resident agent.




24 |