

STEP 6
FIX THE BUSINESS CREDIT FILES

Now that you have reinstated the corporation with the state, and changed the address and
principals, you have to have the business credit bureaus aware of the changes to the
corporation. There are a number of issues that we have to deal with at this point. It is
important to note that you will not be able to contact Experian to have your credit file edited,
you will have to wait until one of your new creditors report to Experian to establish a new
credit file but the good news is that your DnB file can easily be edited.



We must first start by calling DnB at 1-800-234-3867, then choose “option 1” then “option 4”.
This is the department that will do the changes on the credit files. If you contact any other
department they will be adamant about selling you one of their many products. When you are
connected to a representative you must make them aware that you applied for credit and it
was brought to your attention that your name is not on the credit file. You use this approach as
a way of justifying your call to change the credit report. You must ensure that you do not
mention that you recently purchased the corporation. If asked you can say that you owned the
corporation for 2-5 years. You are usually asked this when DnB calls back to verify the
information. The change of ownership will not clear the credit file but under the “History and
Operations” section on the credit report, the length of time that you have managed the
corporation is stated. At this point, the only information that can be edited on the file is your
name and the phone number listed on the corporation. Once you provide them with this
information, the rep will inform you that you will be contacted in 3-7 business days to confirm
the information. They will first check with the Secretary of State to ensure that the information
provided is correct and then contact you to confirm the information provided. Once you have
spoken to DnB again via phone it will take 24 hours for the information to be updated on the
credit file. If at this stage, you have access to DnBi, you can follow the changes of the
corporation online. If not, you will simply have to call back the 1-800 number provided above.



At this point you are listed on the corporation and the phone number of the corporation was
also changed. When you call back at this point, you will now change the address of the
corporation to the one you have set up for it. Other than the address, this rep can also provide
you with the Eupdate login and password where you can change all other information such as
the number of employees and the income. Before calling at this point you will need to ensure
that you have an email set up for the corporation that is at hand. This will be necessary to
acquire the eupdate username and password. It is important to note that any free email
address with suffice. Many “gurus” claim that you will need your own domain name and
custom email address. Although this may look better, it is definitely not necessary. Each time
you change information on your credit file, it takes 3-7 days to be completed.



28 |