

DNBI
According to DnB, “DNBi is an interactive, customizable Web application that provides you with
the most complete and up-to-date DUNSRight™ information available, as well as
comprehensive monitoring and portfolio analysis. DNBi empowers you to make more
informed, efficient, and insightful credit decisions by providing online access to the most
complete and up-to-date information on over 120 million companies in the D&B global
database.”



Basically, with DnBi you will be able to pull the DnB business credit files of various corporations
(the corps that you will like to reinstate) as well as monitor their changes.



In order to get a DnBi account you will first need a corporation. If you do not have one at this
point, do not fear, there is another way to check the credit, but DnBi is what you will really want
to acquire. Dealing with DnB is always a big aspect in this business credit industry so you need
to understand how they work. In order to get a DnBi account at the best price you will want to
call 1-800-234-3867. This is DnB’s DnBi contact number; you need to speak as if you previously
spoke to someone so that much of the sales tactics will be reduced.



Before you call DnB to establish an account, you must first understand how much DnBi costs
and how it is billed in order to avoid being tricked by a rep. DnBi is usually charged per pull.
DnB reps are allowed to charge anything above $20 per pull and you usually can start with a
maximum of 250 pulls per year, which should bring the price down to around $22 per pull (you
do not have to pay this upfront so do not fear). I have had situations where a rep tried to
charge me $55 per pull which came up to $10,000+ per year. There is also an option to get
unlimited pulls per year after your first year of using it. The cost of signing up is usually
calculated by the year, so if it is agreed that you will like to get 250 pulls at $22 per pull, your
yearly charge for the first year is $5500.



Once you have come to an agreed price, the next step is negotiating payment terms. If your
current corporation has any kind of credit what so ever (you do not even need a paydex score)
you should be qualified to get the cost invoice into three payments paid at 30, 60 and 90 days.
This is ideal because you do not have to come out of pocket right away for the service. I
suggest trying to get these terms so that you can try the service and determine if you will like to
keep it. If you choose not to and you do not pat DnB, they will simply report the lack of
payment to your business credit report and your business credit will be no good anymore. If
you do not have any established credit (usually meaning that you have nothing reporting) you
can be billed on a monthly basis. In this situation where your yearly charge will be $5500, your

33 |