

monthly payment will now be $458.33 per month. This does not mean that you are limited to a
number of pulls per month; this simply gives you the ability to spread the payments out. This is
not the ideal situation but it is well worth the money.



Now that you understand the possible tricks of DnB with this service, let’s get you ready to
make the call. Do not feel obligated to take the first deal that a rep gives you. It may be
beneficial to call back as all the reps are trying to make a commission. When I call DnBi, I
usually explain that I spoke to someone a few days ago about a service called DnBi because I
was thinking about extending credit to clients but I needed a system to check their business
credit (I say this whether this is true or not. This reduces all the initial sales tactics). I then
explain that I did not remember who I spoke to but the rep explained that there are various
payment options and prices for DnBi. I then claim that he mentioned something about having
unlimited access as well as 250 pulls for around $5000 and I will like to get more information.
Once you have stated all of this, the rep now has parameters to work within that you have
given him. He will then go through the same payment options that I have mentioned above.
You will want to try your very best to get it billed at that point. If the rep does not invoice you
for the service, feel free to call back and tell the next rep that you spoke to a previous rep that
told you that you will be able to be invoiced for the DnBi service but you lost his contact
information. This rep will now do whatever it takes to get you the service that you requested
at the terms that you stated. You may want to provide the rep with your email address where
he can send you a number of potential options for the service. This will reduce the pressure for
you to make an immediate decision and it will also give you more control over the situation.



After some negotiation (when necessary), you will now have access to DnBi, which is a very
simple service. It is as simple to use a as search engine and this will bring you one step closer to
acquiring multiple shelf corporations.



CHECKING CREDIT WITH EUPDATE
This section is meant for informational purposes only. It is important that you keep track of
your corporation as anyone can get access to a company’s DnBi account. You first call DnB at
DnB at 1-800-234-3867, then choose “option 1” then “option 4”. Inform them that you will like
to get access to your DnB account. They will ask you for the name of the principal (which is
found on the profile of the company on the SOS website). You will also need an email address
and the phone number of the corporation. Any email address will be fine but you can search
for the phone number of the corporation at www.manta.com as well we through 411 and
yellowpages.com. If they ask for your DUNS number, you can simply say that you do not know
it but they can pull everything up with your business name, address and phone number.



34 |