

Acquiring the shelf corporation is just the first step. After you acquire it, there are a couple
hurdles you will need to overcome as well as processes that need to take place in order to
maximize the use of your shelf corp as well as all the future shelf corps that you will acquire.
Some of the issues that we have to keep in mind are:

   1.   Doing Business in other states. i.e. your home state.
   2.   Where do you start when building business credit with a shelf corporation?
   3.   Waiting between applications.
   4.   Checking your Experian business credit file.
   5.   Potential issues that may arise with your shelf corporation.




DOING BUSINESS IN OTHER STATES
If you do not reside in FL, or whichever state you choose to acquire your shelf corporations, you
will have some options of establishing an entity in order to do business in your home state.
Many of my clients opt not to incorporate in their home state because it is an additional
expense and it is not necessary. If you choose to simply keep the corporation in the initial state
you simply will forward all mail and correspondence to yourself through your Virtual office.
Please not that if you use USPS regular mail forwarding, this address will eventually show up on
your DnB credit file as a mailing address.



If you will like to establish an entity in your home state with your shelf corporation, you will
have file a “Foreign filing” in your state. This can be expensive as a Foreign Filing in Texas cost
$700. It may be beneficial as your DnB file will now say that you have two locations and it will
also save time and the hassle of forwarding all your mail. Many vendors also do not like to ship
to other addresses than your billing address. Dell in particular has known to close accounts
after their initial order is to a different address other than the billing address.




BUILDING BUSINESS CREDIT WITH YOUR SHELF CORPORATION
Building business credit with your shelf corporation is a little different that building credit with
a new corporation. If done right, your shelf corporation will already have a strong business
credit file established but this does not mean that you will be able to apply for every card
known to man. One thing that we must note is that your Experian Business File cannot be
updated as easily as your DnB file. So what does this mean? When you change the owner and
address on the corporation, if you apply to a vendor who pulls Experian Business he will not get
any information available. This is due to the fact that there is no file established for your

36 |