

business at this new address. In order to deal with this we must first apply to all the accounts
that pull DnB. These are usually CITI accounts and GE Money usually pulls Experian Business.
We must also note that when applying for credit, we do not want to go on a credit spree. This
is not due to any potential inquiries as in personal credit, but this is simply due to the fact that
most of the business credit accounts are not backed by the same banks; so you do not want to
apply for every CITI account available in the same week. The following is an example of my
sequence of business credit applications once I have acquired a shelf corporation with a 78+
paydex and it is now set up with the correct address, phone number and owner.



Day 1- Shelf corp is corrected and ready to roll. Application 1 = Key Bank. Application 2 = Sears.
Both these applications are usually done on the first day that the corporation is ready.



Day 3- Call both Key Bank and Sears (Both backed by CITI) to find out that I was approved. They
will also inform you that the card will be in the mail.



Day 10- Application 3 = Dell. This account is usually approved immediately online. Once this
account is approved, do not order more than 5 pc’s at a time and stay away from ordering
televisions in your early orders. This type of activity can raise red flags and has known to cause
accounts to be closed. You may also place your first order when approved.



Day 15 – Application 4 = Office Depot and Application 5 = Staples. These accounts are usually
approved for $1500 - $4000 depending on how strong your corporation’s credit is.



Please not that the accounts listed are not all the accounts that you are limited to applying to. I
have just given my method of building business credit on these shelf corporations without
raising red flags.



After I acquire these initial accounts (and any other CIti accounts, such as Exxon and Shell), I use
them and wait 30-45 days after I make a payment for these accounts to now report to Experian.
Once they report to Experian, I can now apply for all the GE Money accounts, such as Amazon,
Sams Discover, Walmart etc. Please see the business credit bible for more accounts. You can
also view the various applications to get an idea which banks back which vendors.




37 |