ACCESS GRANTED: COACH K ON FUNDING STRATEGIES FOR ENTREPRENEURS (Podcast transcript — solo monologue. PRIMARY VOICE REFERENCE.) Coach K: Welcome to another episode of Access Granted, where I give you exclusive access to resources that will help you scale your business to the next level and entrepreneurs who are killing it in their industry. Today we are going to do it a little different. I'm going to talk you through funding opportunities no matter where you are in your journey. So as an entrepreneur, I often get "Coach K, should I use business funding or grant funding?" And there's this battle on which funding opportunity is the best to grow your business and what you should use for your brand. I personally feel that entrepreneurs should use every resource available to grow their business. I teach this information because I want entrepreneurs not to make the same mistakes that I made when I started my business. So not to max out your personal credit cards, but also leverage business credit, business funding, and grant funding to grow your business. So if you are out there and you are starting your business or you're a current entrepreneur and you need a resource, you should be using grant funding and business funding. So we're going to put an end to the debate today on which opportunity you should use, and we're just going to give you access to both because you should be using both opportunities to grow your business and grow your brand. GRANT FUNDING Grant funding is an amazing strategy to grow your business. It's a debt-free opportunity to grow your business. There's no personal credit check to get access to the funding. So if you face personal credit challenges, if you are restoring your personal credit, or if you just don't want your personal credit impacted, grant funding is the best strategy for you. Grant funding takes time and grant funding is also not guaranteed. So although we are going to be aggressive with applying for grant funding, we need funding and capital for our business now, right? BUSINESS FUNDING So if you still need funding and capital for your business while we are applying for grants, we want to make sure we are leveraging business funding and business credit. If you are an entrepreneur and you have a good personal credit profile, if you have at least a 680 or 700 credit score with a solid history and relationships on your personal credit, there are companies like Chase Bank, KeyBank, credit unions, Truist Bank that will give you access to 0% for 12 months, no interest credit cards. This means whatever you borrow, that's all you pay, as long as you pay the balance off within a 12-month time frame. This is an amazing opportunity to start your business and fund your business as long as you have a game plan to make money and revenue for your business and for your brand. So even if you're an entrepreneur or a startup and you've made zero dollars in your business, based off of your business credit profile and your strong relationship on your personal credit, you can qualify for business credit based off of that information. These are two different strategies to get you access to funding no matter where you stand in your business. Grant funding is an amazing strategy -- debt-free, no credit check, no requirement to repay it. Business funding is another amazing strategy if you have a solid personal credit profile to back it up. REVENUE-BASED FUNDING Now, if you are an entrepreneur and you still face credit challenges and you're in the process of restoring your personal credit, but you're an existing entrepreneur and you make at least three, five, or $10,000 a month and you still need funding, there are companies -- revenue-based companies -- that will give you funding for your business as well. Now, these companies are going to base it solely off of the income that you have coming into your business. You want to make sure you're very cautious with using revenue-based funding because most of the time they have higher interest rates and not the best payment terms. But this is a strategy we can use to fund our business and fund our brand as an entrepreneur. EIN-ONLY FUNDING These are so many different resources to grow your business. As an entrepreneur, you should be leveraging every resource available for you to grow your business. This is why I teach this information inside of our Business and Grant Community, and I want to make sure that entrepreneurs understand how to get access to grant funding but also how they can leverage business funding to grow their business as well. So while we are getting access to grants and applying for grants, this is an opportunity -- business credit and business funding is an opportunity to start your business now, and then as the grant funding comes in, we can balance out and make sure we're using this resource to grow our business. So because this is Access Granted, I have to give you exclusive access to another opportunity where you can get funding for your business. There are companies that will give you funding for your business solely based off of your EIN only, but you want to make sure you have the structure and the foundation of your business in order before you apply. Now, what you want to do is make sure you have a registered business, make sure you have a professional business email address, and then we are going to add positive trade lines onto our business credit profile to qualify for these funding opportunities. I'm going to give you a trade line that you can go out and add right now to start building out your business credit and potentially qualify for no PG funding, which means it's not going to use your social, it's going to be strictly based off of your business credit. There's a company called Nav. This company will allow you to monitor your business credit profile so you can see your business credit score, but they're also going to assist you with building out your business credit score so that you can get access to funding. Once you get to a solid business credit score and a good business credit profile, there are companies that will give you funding just based off of your EIN number. So these companies will allow you to grow your business and get access to funding because you have a structured business, a business credit profile, and they're going to give you what's called no PG, EIN-only funding, solely based off of your relationship, positive relationships, and building out your business credit profile and having a structured business. CONCLUSION I hope this information helps you decide if you should be using business funding, grant funding, or both. I think you should be leveraging every opportunity to grow your business and scale your business to the next level. If you are an entrepreneur and you are ready to learn more about how you can get access to funding for your business, I want you inside the Business and Grant Community. We are at a thousand people inside the Business and Grant Community, and we are making an impact helping entrepreneurs get access to funding for their business -- grant funding and business funding -- understanding how to grow their business, scale it to the next level, market their business and their brand, and so much more. I want you inside. I want you to be my next success story, and I want to help you get access to the funding you deserve to build out your brand. Thank you for tuning in to Access Granted. Click the button below, subscribe, and I'll see you inside the Business and Grant Community.