



                                                            How To Build Credit For Your EIN
                                                            That is Not Linked to Your SSN




                      B
                             usiness Credit is credit that is obtained in a Business Name. With business
                             credit the Business builds its own credit profile and credit score. With an
                             established credit profile and score, the business will then qualify for credit.
                       This credit is in the business name and based on the business’s ability to pay, not the
                       business owners. Since the business qualifies for the credit, in some cases there is no
                       personal credit check required from the business owner.

                       There are a ton of benefits that business credit provide including that a credit profile
                       can be built for a business that is completely separate from the business owner’s
                       personal credit profile. This gives business owners DOUBLE the borrowing power as
                       they have both Personal and Business credit profiles built.

                       Business credit scores are based only on whether the business pays its bills on time.
                       A business owner can obtain credit much faster using their business credit profile
                       versus their personal credit profile. Approval limits are much higher on business
                       accounts versus personal accounts which is yet another benefit. Per SBA, credit limits
                       on business cards are usually 10-100 times higher than consumer credit.

                       When done correctly Business Credit can be built without a personal credit check.
                       Business credit can quickly be obtained regardless of personal credit quality. Plus
                       most business credit can be obtained without the owner taking on personal liability,
                       or a personal guarantee. This means in case of default, the business owner’s personal
                       assets can’t be pursued.




2   ©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
    written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use