



       Even though most don’t know this, when a business owner applies for financing,
       their business credit IS reviewed. Not having business credit established will get an
       owner DECLINED for financing. There are no regulations that require the lenders
       notify the business owner for their reason for denial, so most never know.

       The business can use its credit to qualify for revolving store credit cards like Staples,
       Lowes, Sam’s Club, Costco, BP, Wal-Mart, even MasterCard, Visa, and AMEX. The
       business can also qualify for credit lines and loans.




       Business Credit Building Step 1:
       Building Your Business Credibility



       The perception lenders, vendors, and creditors have of your business is critical to
       your ability to build strong business credit. Before applying for business credit a
       business must insure it meets or exceeds all lender credibility standards. There are
       over 20 credibility points that are necessary for a business to have a strong, credible
       foundation.

       It is very important that you use your exact business legal name. Your full business
       name should include any recorded DBA filing you will be using. Insure your business
       name is exactly the same on your corporation papers, licenses, and bank statements.

       You can build business credit with almost any corporate entity type. If you truly want
       to separate business credit from personal credit your business must be a separate
       legal entity not a sole proprietor or partnership.Unless you have a separate business
       entity (Corporation or LLC) you might be "doing business" but you are not truly "a
       business”. You need to be a Corporation or an LLC in order to separate personal from
       business.




©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use             3