



                       Whether you have employees or not, your business entity must have a Federal Tax ID
                       number (EIN). Just like you have a Social Security Number, your business has an EIN.
                       Your Tax ID number is used to open your bank account and to build your business
                       credit profile. Take the time to verify that all agencies, banks, and trade credit vendors
                       have your business listed with the same Tax ID number.

                       Business Address must be a real brick-and-mortar building, deliverable
                       physical address, cannot be a PO Box, and cannot be a UPS address. Some
                       lenders will not approve and fund unless this criteria is met.

                       You must have a dedicated business phone number that is listed with 411 directory
                       assistance, under the business name. Lenders, vendors, creditors, and even insurance
                       providers will verify that your business is listed with 411. A toll-free number will give
                       your business credibility, but you must have a LOCAL business number for the listing
                       with 411 directory assistance.

                       Lenders perceive 800 Number or toll-free phone numbers as a sign of business
                       credibility. Even if you're a single owner with a home-based business, a toll-free
                       number provides the perception that you are an even bigger company. It’s incredibly
                       easy and inexpensive to set-up a virtual local phone number or a toll free 800 number.
                       A cell or home phone number as your main business line could get you "flagged"
                       as an un-established business that is too high of a risk. DON'T give a personal cell
                       phone or residential phone as the business phone number. You can forward a virtual
                       number to any cell or land-line phone number.

                       Credit providers will research your company on the internet. It is best if they learned
                       everything directly from your company website. Not having a company website
                       will severely hurt their chances of obtaining business credit. There are many places
                       online that offer affordable business websites so you can have an internet presence
                       that displays an overview of your company's services and contact information.

                       It is important to get a company email address for your business. It's not only
                       professional, but greatly helps your chances of getting the thumbs up from a credit
                       provider. Setting up a business email address is just too easy and inexpensive to
                       neglect.




4   ©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
    written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use