



       One of the most common mistakes when building credit for your company is non-
       matching business addresses on your business licenses.Even worse is not having
       the "required" licenses for your type of business to operate legally.You will need
       to contact the State, County, and City Government offices to see if there are any
       required licenses and permits to operate your type of business.

       State business, county license and/or permit, city license and/or permit and IRS
       filings listed correctly. Take the time to verify that main agencies (State, IRS, Bank,
       and 411 national directory) have your business listed the same way and with your
       Exact Legal Name. Also take the time to ensure every bill you get (power bill,
       phone bill, landlord, etc.) has the business name listed correctly and comes to the
       business address.




       Business Credit Building Step 2:
       Getting Your Business Credit Reports


       Business Credit reports are offered by Experian, Dun & Bradstreet, and Equifax. You
       will first want to get a copy of your business credit reports to see what is being
       reported before you start your business credit building.

       You can visit www.creditsuite.com/reports to access your business credit reports
       with Experian, Equifax, and Dun & Bradstreet.

       You won’t need to get reports with all three, but you should at least have monitoring
       setup with Dun & Bradstreet, and possibly Experian.

       Smart Business credit reports from Experian cost $37-175. With these reports you
       can find out how many trade lines are reporting, see if you have a business credit
       score assigned, see if you have an active Experian Business Profile, and check on
       recent inquiries.



©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use             5