



                       It typically takes more time to create a file with Equifax Small Business than D&B
                       and Experian. This is because not a lot of vendors and creditors actually report to
                       Equifax, most of them report to Experian or D&B. This is also why it’s important to
                       apply with the credit providers who report to Equifax when you find them. You can
                       get setup for Equifax credit monitoring for as little as $19.95 monthly.

                       Dun & Bradstreet offer a CreditMonitor product where you can get unlimited access
                       to your D&B reports and scores for $49 monthly.

                       IMPORTANT NOTE, if you do get setup for this you might get a call from Dun &
                       Bradstreet Credibility. Keep in mind this is not Dun & Bradstreet themselves, this is a
                       completely separate privately owned company.

                       Do NOT purchase their “credit builder” program no matter what they tell you. This is
                       NOT something you need and NOT something you should pay for. This program only
                       adds trade references to your report, but instead you will be building your business
                       credit using real useable credit.

                       You can visit www.creditsuite.com/reports to access your business credit reports
                       with Experian, Equifax, and Dun & Bradstreet.




                       Business Credit Building Step 3:
                       Getting Vendor Credit


                       A business credit report can be started much the same as a consumer report
                       commonly is, with small credit cards. The business can be approved for small credit
                       cards to help them build an initial credit profile. These types of initial cards in the
                       business world are commonly referred to as “vendor credit”.




6   ©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
    written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use