



       You must start a business credit profile and score with starter vendors. Starter
       vendors are ones who will give you initial credit even if you have no credit, no score,
       or no tradelines now. Most stores like Staples will NOT give you initial starter credit
       so DON’T even try applying.Most stores will NOT approve a business owner for
       business credit unless the owner has an established credit profile and score, just like
       in the consumer world. Vendor accounts must be used first to establish a profile and
       score, and then store credit can be obtained. It usually takes only 90 days or less to
       establish a score and profile with trade lines.

       A vendor line of credit is when a company (vendor) extends a line of credit to your
       business on "Net 15, 30, 60 or 90" day terms. This means that you can purchase their
       products or services up to a maximum dollar amount and you have 15, 30, 60 or 90
       days to pay the bill in full. So if you're set-up on Net 30 terms and were to purchase
       $300 worth of goods today, then that $300 is due within the next 30 days.

       A vendor line of credit is when a company (vendor) extends a line of credit to your
       business on "Net 15, 30, 60 or 90" day terms. This means that you can purchase their
       products or services up to a maximum dollar amount and you have 15, 30, 60 or 90
       days to pay the bill in full. So if you're set-up on Net 30 terms and were to purchase
       $300 worth of goods today, then that $300 is due within the next 30 days.

       Always apply first without using your SSN. Some vendors will request it and some
       will even tell you on the phone they need to have it, but submit first without it. Most
       credit issuers will approve you without your SSN if your EIN credit is strong enough.
       If your EIN credit is not good enough, you might be declined and they then might
       ask for your SSN. No matter what ANY credit representative tells you, credit CAN be
       obtained based on your EIN only.

       When your first Net 30 account reports your "tradeline" to Dun & Bradstreet, the
       DUNS system will automatically activate your file if it isn't already. This is also true for
       Experian and Equifax.

       You need to have a total of at least five (5) Net 30 day pay accounts reporting. Some
       vendors require an initial prepaid order before they can approve your business for
       terms.Your vendors do not necessarily have to serve 100% of your business needs.



©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use             7