



                       Business Credit Building Step 4:
                       Getting Revolving Credit



                       After 5 trade lines are established using vendor accounts, obtaining revolving
                       accounts is the next step. Revolving accounts are cards a business owner can use
                       and not be required to pay the full balance owed each month.

                       Revolving account approvals will begin coming from stores. Store revolving credit
                       must be obtained before the business owner starts getting Visa, MC, Amex, type
                       cards.Most stores will NOT approve a business owner for business credit unless the
                       owner has an established credit profile and score, just like in the consumer world.
                       Vendor accounts must be used first to establish a profile and score, then store credit
                       can be obtained. It usually takes only 90 days or less to establish a score and profile
                       with trade lines.

                       Most major retail stores offer business credit accounts, although they don’t promote
                       that they do. Major retailers including Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, Sam’s
                       Club, Costco, Staples, Office Depot, Lowes, Home Depot, BP, Chevron, and most other
                       retailers all offer business credit. And most of these retailers will approve you for new
                       credit once you have a credit profile established, have a good business credit score
                       that results from you paying your bills as agreed, and once you have 5 payment
                       experiences or more established on your business credit profile.

                       Once 10 total accounts are on the credit, an owner can then start applying for Visa,
                       MC, Amex type credit. Approval amounts will be equivalent to the highest credit
                       limit account on the business report. Try to have 10 accounts with at least one of
                       them having a 10k high limit. It is essential to keep using the credit, keep applying
                       for more, and talk with credit providers to raise credit limits. If you do this, business
                       credit will keep growing until higher limit credit lines are obtained, within 6-12
                       months.




8   ©2014 Credit Suite, all rights reserved. No reproduction or use of any portion of the content or work or the entire work is permitted without the express
    written permission and authorization of the publisher. However the publisher of these materials routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use