   HOW TO BUILD
CREDIT FOR YOUR EIN
    THAT’S NOT
LINKED TO YOUR SSN





                    How to Build Credit for Your EIN
                    That’s Not Linked to Your SSN
                    Business Credit is credit obtained in a Business Name. With business
                    credit, the Business builds its own credit profile and credit score. With
                    an established credit profile and score, the business will then qualify
                    for credit. This credit is based on the business’s ability to pay, and not
                    the business owners. Since the business qualifies for the credit, in some
                    cases there is no personal credit check required from the business
                    owner.
                    You must actively work to build business credit.
                    But it can be done easily and quickly – much faster than building
                    consumer credit scores. The vendor credit tier is a big part of this
                    process. If you try to do the steps out of order, you will be turned down
                    repeatedly. Fortunately, we know the steps to take. And we know the
                    order in which you need to take them.
                    There are a ton of benefits that business credit provides, including that
                    a credit profile can be built for a business that is completely separate
                    from the business owner’s personal credit profile. This gives business
                    owners DOUBLE the borrowing power as they have both Personal and
                    Business credit profiles built.
                    Business credit scores are based only on whether the business pays its
                    bills on time. A business owner can obtain credit much faster using
                    their business credit profile versus their personal credit profile. Approval
                    limits are much higher on business accounts versus personal accounts
                    which are yet another benefit. Per SBA, credit limits on business cards
                    are usually 10 – 100 times higher than consumer credit.
                                                              The business can use its credit to qualify for
                                                              retail credit tier cards like Staples, Lowes,
                                                              Sam’s Club, Costco, BP, Wal-Mart, even
                                                              MasterCard, Visa, and AMEX. The business
                                                              can also qualify for credit lines and loans.
                                                              When done correctly, Business Credit can
                                                              be built without a personal credit check.



2





     Business credit can quickly be obtained regardless of personal credit
     quality. Plus most business credit can be obtained without the owner
     taking on personal liability, or a personal guarantee. This means in case
     of default, the business owner’s personal assets can’t be pursued.
     Even though most don’t know this, when a business owner applies
     for financing, their business credit IS reviewed. Not having established
     business credit will get an owner DECLINED for financing. There are no
     regulations that require lenders to notify the business owner of their
     reason for denial, so most never know.
     One last benefit: business credit determines the rate and term someone
     pays and how much they’ll get approval for.

     Business Credit Building Step 1– Building
     Business Fundability
     The perception lenders, vendors, and credit
     issuers have of your business will be critical
     to your ability to build strong business
     credit. Before applying for business credit,
     a business must insure it meets or exceeds
     all lender legitimacy standards. There
     are over 20 legitimacy points necessary
     for a business to have a strong, credible
     foundation.
     It is very important that you use your exact business legal name.
     Your full business name should include any recorded DBA filing you
     will be using. Insure your business name is exactly the same on your
     corporation papers, licenses, and bank statements.
     You can build business credit with almost any corporate entity type.
     But if you truly want to separate business credit from personal credit,
     your business must be a separate legal entity and not a sole proprietor
     or partnership. Unless you have a separate business entity (Corporation
     or LLC) you might be doing business but you are not truly a business.
     You need to be a Corporation or an LLC in order to separate personal
     from business.
     Your business entity will also matter for taxes, and for liability in the



                                                                                                                                       3





                    event of a lawsuit.
                    Whether you have employees or not, your business entity must have
                    a Federal Tax ID number (EIN). Just like you have a Social Security
                    Number, your business has an EIN. Your Tax ID number is used to open
                    your bank account and to build your business credit profile. Take the
                    time to verify that all agencies, banks, and trade credit vendors have
                    your business listed with the same Tax ID number.
                    Your business address must be a real brick and mortar building, a
                    deliverable physical address. It cannot be a home address, or a PO Box,
                    or a UPS address. Some lenders will not approve and fund unless this
                    criterion is met.
                                          You must have a dedicated business phone
                                          number that is listed with 411 directory
                                          assistance, under the business name. Lenders,
                                          vendors, credit issuers, and even insurance
                                          providers will verify that your business is
                                          listed with 411. A toll-free number will give
                                          your business legitimacy, but you must have
                    a LOCAL business number for the listing with 411 directory assistance.
                    Lenders perceive 800 numbers or other toll-free phone numbers as a
                    sign of business legitimacy. Even if you're a single owner with a home-
                    based business, a toll-free number provides the perception that you
                    are an even bigger company. It’s incredibly easy and inexpensive to set
                    up a virtual local phone number or a toll free 800 number.
                    A cell or home phone number as your main business line could get
                    you flagged as an unestablished business that is too high of a risk.
                    DON'T give a personal cell phone or residential phone as the business
                    phone number. You can forward a virtual number to any cell or land
                    line phone number.
                    Credit providers will research your company on the internet. It is best
                    if they learned everything directly from your company website. Not
                    having a company website will severely hurt your chances of obtaining
                    business credit. There are many places online that offer affordable
                    business websites so you can have an internet presence that displays
                    an overview of your company's services and contact information.




4





     It is important to get a company email address for your business. It's
     not only professional, but it also greatly helps your chances of getting
     the thumbs up from a credit provider. Setting up a business email
     address is just too easy and inexpensive to neglect.
     One of the most common mistakes when building credit for your
     company is nonmatching business addresses on your business licenses.
     Even worse is when you don’t have the required licenses for your type of
     business to operate legally. You will need to contact the State, County,
     and City Government offices to see if there are any required licenses
     and permits to operate your type of business.
     State business, county license and/or permit, city license and/or permit
     and IRS filings listed correctly. Take the time to verify that main agencies
     (State, IRS, Bank, and 411 national directory) have your business listed
     the same way and with your Exact Legal Name. Also take the time to
     ensure every bill you get (power bill, phone bill, landlord, etc.) has the
     business name listed correctly and comes to the business address.

     Business Credit Building Step 2– Getting Your
     Business Credit Reports
     Go to the D&B website and get your free D-U-N-S number. This is
     how D&B gets your company into their system, in order to generate a
     PAYDEX score. If you have no D-U-N-S number, then there is no record
     and there can be no PAYDEX score.
     Business Credit reports are offered by Experian, Dun & Bradstreet, and
     Equifax. You will first want to get a copy of your business credit reports
     to see what is being reported before you start your business credit
     building.
     You can visit www.creditsuite.com/reports to access your business
     credit reports with Experian, Equifax, and Dun & Bradstreet.

     Business Credit Monitoring
     Know what is happening with your credit.
     Make sure it is being reported. Address
     errors as soon as possible. Get in the habit
     of checking credit reports and digging into
     details, not just scores.


                                                                                                                                       5





                    You won’t need to get reports with all three, but you should at least
                    have monitoring set up with Dun & Bradstreet, and possibly Experian.
                    Smart Business credit reports from Experian cost $37 – 175. With these
                    reports you can find out how many trade lines are reporting, see if you
                    have a business credit score assigned, see if you have an active Experian
                    Business Profile, and check on recent inquiries.
                    It typically takes more time to create a file with Equifax Small Business
                    than D&B and Experian. This is because not a lot of vendors and credit
                    issuers actually report to Equifax. Instead, most report to Experian or
                    D&B. This is also why it's important to apply with the credit providers
                    who report to Equifax when you find them. You can get set up for
                    Equifax credit monitoring for as little as $19.95 monthly.
                    Dun & Bradstreet offer a CreditMonitor product where you can get
                    unlimited access to your D&B reports and scores for $49 monthly.
                    IMPORTANT NOTE, if you do end up getting set up for this, you might
                    get a call from Dun & Bradstreet Credibility. Keep in mind this is not
                    actually Dun & Bradstreet; this is a completely separate privately owned
                    company.
                    Do NOT purchase their credit builder program, no matter what they
                    tell you. This is NOT something you need and NOT something you
                    should pay for. This program only adds trade references to your report,
                    but instead you will be building your business credit using real useable
                    credit.
                    You can visit www.creditsuite.com/monitoring to access your business
                    credit reports with Experian, Equifax, and Dun & Bradstreet.

                    Fix Business Credit
                    While monitoring, you may find errors in your reports. You can update
                    errors or incomplete data as follows:
                       ●● D&B: https://iupdate.dnb.com/iUpdate/viewiUpdateHome.htm
                       ●● Experian: experian.com/small-business/business-credit-
                          information.jsp
                       ●● Equifax: equifax.com/business/small-business




6





     Business Credit Building Step 3 – Getting to
     the Vendor Credit Tier
     A business credit report can be started much the same as a consumer
     report commonly is, with small credit cards. The business can be
     approved for small credit cards to help them build an initial credit
     profile. These types of initial cards in the business world are commonly
     referred to as the vendor credit tier.
     You must start a business credit profile and score with starter vendors.
     Starter vendors are ones who will give you initial credit even if you have
     no credit, no score, or no trade lines now. Most stores like Staples will
     NOT give you initial starter credit so DON’T even try applying. Most
     stores will NOT approve a business owner for business credit unless
     the owner has an established credit profile and score, just like in the
     consumer world. Vendor credit tier accounts must be used first to
     establish a profile and score, and then store credit can be obtained. It
     usually takes only 90 days or less to establish a score and profile with
     trade lines.
     A vendor line of credit is when a company (vendor) extends a line of
     credit to your business on Net 15, 30, 60 or 90 day terms. This means
     that you can purchase their products or services up to a maximum
     dollar amount and you have 15, 30, 60 or 90 days to pay the bill in full.
     So if you're set up on Net 30 terms and were to purchase $300 worth
     of goods today, then that $300 is due within the next 30 days.
     Always apply first without using your SSN. Some vendors will request
     it and some will even tell you on the phone they need to have it, but
     submit first without it. Most credit issuers will approve you without
     your SSN if your EIN credit is strong enough. If your EIN credit is not
     good enough, you might be declined and they then might ask for your
     SSN. No matter what ANY credit representative tells you, credit CAN
     be obtained based on your EIN only.
     When your first Net 30 account reports your trade line to Dun &
     Bradstreet, the DUNS system will automatically activate your file if it
     isn't already. This is also true for Experian and Equifax.
     You need to have a total of at least five (5) Net 30 day pay accounts
     reporting, and eight (8) is even better. Some vendors require an initial



                                                                                                                                       7





                    prepaid order before they can approve your business for terms. Your
                    vendors do not necessarily have to serve 100% of your business needs.

                    Starter Vendor #1: Uline Shipping Supplies
                    Find them online at uline.com. They sell shipping,
                    packing, and industrial supplies, and they report to
                    D&B. You must have a D-U-N-S number, 2 references,
                    and a bank reference. Your first few orders may need
                    to be prepaid to initially get approved for Net 30 terms.

                    Starter Vendor #2: Quill
                    Find them online at quill.com. They sell office, packaging, and cleaning
                    supplies. They report to D&B and Experian. With reports to 2 separate
                    credit reporting agencies, you get 2 credit experiences with them! You
                    must place an initial order first unless your D&B score is established.
                    Usually they put you on a 90 day prepayment schedule. If you order
                    items each month for 3 months, they typically approve you for a Net
                    30 Account.

                    Starter Vendor #3: Gempler’s
                    Find them online at: gemplers.com. They sell work supplies and
                    products. They report to Dun and Bradstreet. Place your initial order
                    for over $50 and select the Invoice me option. Then they will pull your
                    credit. If you are not approved, then make sure to prepay for the order.
                    Keep purchasing and choosing the Invoice me option until you are
                    approved for a Net 30 account.

                    Non-Reporting Trade Accounts
                    While you do want trade accounts to report to at
                    least one of the credit reporting agencies, a trade
                    account that does not report can still be of some
                    value. You can ask non-reporting accounts for
                    trade references. Plus credit accounts can help
                    you to better even out your business expenditures,
                    making budgeting easier. These are companies like PayPal Credit,
                    T-Mobile, and Best Buy.




8





     Business Credit Building Step 4 – Getting to
     the Retail Credit Tier
     After 5 trade lines are established under the vendor credit tier,
     obtaining retail credit tier accounts is the next step. Retail credit tier
     accounts are cards have revolving terms. Therefore, a business owner
     can use these cards and not be required to pay the full balance owed
     each month.
     Retail credit tier account approvals will begin coming from stores.
     Retail credit tier credit must be obtained before the business owner
     starts getting Visa, MC, Amex, type cards. Most stores will NOT
     approve a business owner for business credit unless the owner has an
     established credit profile and score, just like in the consumer world.
     Vendor credit tier accounts must be used first to establish a profile and
     score, and then retail credit tier cards can be obtained. It usually takes
     only 90 days or less to establish a score and profile with trade lines.
     Most major retail stores offer business credit accounts, although they
     don’t promote that they do. Major retailers including Walmart, Target,
     Best Buy, Amazon, Sam’s Club, Costco, Staples, Office Depot, Lowes,
     Home Depot, BP, Chevron, and most other retailers all offer business
     credit. And most of these retailers will approve you for new credit once
     you have a credit profile established, have a good business credit
     score that results from you paying your bills as agreed, and once you
     have 5 payment experiences or more established on your business
     credit profile.
     One example is Lowes. They report to D&B, Equifax and Business
     Experian. They want your company to have a D-U-N-S number and a
     PAYDEX score of 78 or better.

     Business Credit Building Step 5 – Getting to
     the Fleet Credit Tier
     With 8 – 10 accounts reporting, you can move onto the fleet credit tier.
     These are companies like BP and Conoco. This kind of credit is used to
     buy, repair, and maintain vehicles. Apply with your EIN and not your
     Social Security number.




                                                                                                                                       9





                     One example is Shell. They report to D&B and Business Experian. They
                     want your business to have a PAYDEX score of 78 or better, and a 411
                     business phone listing. They might say they want a certain amount of
                     time in business or revenue. But if you already have enough trade lines,
                     that won’t be necessary and you can still get an approval.

                     Business Credit Building Step 6 – Getting to
                     the Cash Credit Tier
                     Once 10 total accounts are on the credit
                     report, an owner can then start applying
                     for the cash credit tier. This is Visa, MC,
                     Amex type credit. Approval amounts will
                     be equivalent to the highest credit limit
                     account on the business report. Try to have
                     10 accounts with at least one of them having
                     a $10k high limit. It is essential to keep using the credit, keep applying
                     for more, and talk with credit providers to raise credit limits. If you do
                     this, business credit will keep growing until higher limit credit lines
                     are obtained, within 6 – 12 months.
                     One example is the Fuelman MasterCard. They report to D&B and
                     Equifax Business. They want your business to have a PAYDEX score of
                     78 or better, and 10 trade lines reporting on your D&B report. They will
                     also want to see a $10,000 high credit limit reporting on D & B report
                     (other account reporting), and yours will need to be an established
                     business.

                     Additional Retail Companies in the Retail Credit Tier
                     These are companies like Walmart and Dell, and also Home Depot,
                     BP, and Racetrac. These are often MasterCard credit cards. If you have
                     fourteen (14) trade accounts reporting, then these are within your
                     reach.

                     Business Credit Building is Well Worth It
                     Building business credit is truly as easy as building consumer credit,
                     once you know the proper steps to take. Now you know the 4 essential
                     steps to take to build business credit that’s linked to your EIN and not
                     your SSN. Now the next step is to take action on the first step and make


10





     sure your business is set up legitimately. As you are doing this get your
     business credit report access established. Then you can start building
     in the vendor credit tier to establish your credit profile and score so
     you can start securing retail credit tier accounts.
     Good luck on building your business credit! Let us know if we can every
     help you in the process info@creditsuite.com.
     Start Building Business Credit for Your EIN That’s Not Linked to Your
     SSN – and Get Your Business Soaring
     If you are looking for business credit and financing to help your
     business grow, then we at Credit Suite can help. Give us a call, at 877-
     600-2487, or email us at info@creditsuite.com and we can help you
     with all of these methods and more. Or you can visit us on the web at
     www.creditsuite.com.
     You can get weekly business credit and financing training tips by
     texting TIPS to 855-982-1820.
     Contact us today for more information and learn how to get started.




                                                                                                                                       11