I liked the idea of “passive income” generated by “income producing” assets. The
income that continuously comes in and pays my bills whether I work or not…

I would guess the same might be the reason why you got interested in real estate.
You, like me, probably realize that one day you may not be able or may not want to
show up for work, but your bills will still have to get paid.

So one needs to own assets, I figured that much… but my problem was – HOW?

I realized that the only way to create PASSIVE income, that comes in whether you
work or not, is to OWN assets… think about it… It IS the only way, isn’t it?

But… my big question was... How do I buy assets if I have neither money nor credit?

At that time, my savings were “negative” - I was in debt. My credit wasn’t bad - it was
non-existing (I just moved to U.S.)! So my question was…

HOW do I buy & own assets?

At the time I didn’t know about Unlimited Funding “mechanisms”, and I didn’t know
that it’s possible to acquire assets without having credit or big savings…

So I decided to TRY to save as much of my income as possible… and then “one day”
I’ll be able to buy assets that will produce income!

How many of you have tried saving? And what’s the problem with this approach?

It takes TOO LONG! It may take a whole life to save a half a million dollars, and by
that time the half a million will not be worth much.

Just think about it… how much can YOU save every month? How soon will you have
a few hundred thousand saved? … Life is too short for that, right!

My approach was the same WRONG approach as all my middle-income co-workers
had. We all tried to build financial nest by saving “after-tax” dollars, and then
investing this left-over into stocks, or mutual funds which we had no real
understanding of nor control. This is a recipe for disaster.

We all believed to financial planners and advisors who were working for their
company to make us independent of our company. Do you see a problem here?

If they knew how to build the financial freedom they would have been working for
themselves, instead of working for a company selling stocks. Right?


                                     Page 7 of 45