NOTE: the “ownership” business model that you’ll learn about here is not only a
faster way to wealth, but it is ALSO a faster way to quick CASH, without risk or
hassles!


The Best Business Model – Your First Million
Let me first introduce you to the FASTEST and surest way to your first MILLION – the
big picture; and then we’ll address how to get to that quick cash in the next few
weeks.

With this business model, the path to getting wealthy and the path to getting quick
cash are the same!

After my initial 3 years in the business, I’ve attended every possible seminar that was
available at the time. I’ve done over 20 deals and have tried almost every strategy.

AND THEN… one deal made me more money within 30 days, than all of the other
deals I’ve done up to that time… I’ll tell you about it later on…

I also raked up my credit cards by buying “get rich quick” programs and seminars that
never worked… some of you may know the feeling.

Here’s what I discovered to be the BEST business model - the quickest and surest
way not only to your first check, but to build a million dollar net-worth in Real Estate
as well. I called it the Niche2Wealth business model, and here’s its ultimate goal.

Now, before I start let me ask you to hold your questions until the next chapter. Try to
focus on the end result here without thinking about HOW to do this. Please open your
mind without thinking about “How to do it”. I’ll answer that in the next section.

Imagine that there was a way for you to go out and acquire 25 properties in the next
year. Let’s say these are single-family houses worth $200,000 each.

If the median home price in your area is $400,000, then you’ll need only 12
properties to achieve the same goal. If the median is only $100,000 then you’ll need
twice as many, which again is very feasible since lower priced markets are easier to
deal with.

If you wonder how you would buy that many houses without using your cash or
credit… just know for now that it is possible using Unlimited Funding methods… but
please hold your questions until the next section – it’s important that you get the big
picture.

                                      Page 11 of 45