The fact is you will never catch up with leverage using active income activities. This is
why most investors stay poor… they can NEVER catch up.

Would you feel you missed the boat if the prices doubled and you didn’t own any Real
Estate? This is exactly what will happen if you continue doing what you’re doing.


There’s Another IMPORTANT Advantage of This Business Model…

Here’s something important you need to keep in mind:

What do you think? Is it easier to buy properties at 20% below their value (below
market) or at 40%?

Let me ask you the other way… Is it easier to get a seller to accept a small discount
or to get them to take a big hit?

Obviously, it’s a lot easier to buy 25 properties at 20% discount (which is all you need
for our formula to work), then flip 100 properties that you have to put under contract
at 30-40% discount in order for wholesaling to work.

Let me make sure you understand this… to get a seller to take a 20% discount the
seller doesn’t need to be desperate!

If that same seller sold their house using a real estate agent, after paying 6% Real
Estate commission, 2-3% closing costs, 2-3% holding cost… they would net only
5-10% more than what they would net by selling to you at 20% discount. What does
this mean?

It means that this will work with more sellers out there because the 20% discount, we
need for our formula to work, doesn’t require very motivated or desperate sellers. So,
more sellers to work with, the easier it gets and the faster you make your money!

This is not the case with other Real Estate formulas, like wholesaling, rehabbing,
short sale flips, etc… Those strategies require a lot bigger discount of 30-40% to
create profit.

So it’s obvious that not every seller will give you 30-40% discount, so you’ll have to
find a very motivated if not a desperate seller to make those strategies work. This
means more marketing, more appointments, more work, and fewer opportunities!

As with everything, there’s a short way to get wealthy and a long way, which one do
you prefer?


                                     Page 16 of 45