The above-mentioned “Niche2Wealth” business model is the shortest way and
it should be THE model if you truly want to get wealthy.
That’s why I call it “Niche2Wealth” and I’ll explain more about it later on.

Now, I’m not saying you should never do any wholesaling or short sale flips. I do
them till this day and they make me money.

What I am saying is that those strategies should be part of your “game”, but NOT
your main game because they represent a “SLOW” way to wealth, as they don’t
leverage all 5 “Wealth Building Components of Real Estate” from the page 9.

There are deals that will come your way as a result of your marketing or referrals that
plainly do not meet our “Niche2Wealth” business model. In order to monetize those
deals we’ll either wholesale them, sometimes short sale, or we’ll pass.

For example, a motivated seller calls me and has a house that needs major repairs.
Since, I am not in the “rehab” business (and you shouldn’t be either because it’s too
hard), I will attempt to contract the property with a goal to wholesale it. Why not
make some money from the seller who already called, right?

But those activities did not make me rich and neither will they make you. And that’s
why they should not be the first thing you focus on. As I said…

They should definitely be part of your game, but not your main game!

Now before you go to the next page, please for your own sake… what we covered
above is super important, so go back and review this section again if you don’t
understand it.

You need to understand the above otherwise what’s coming will confuse you even
more. So go ahead and review this section one more time (if needed).


For the remainder of this report I’ll try to answer all of your questions and
concerns, and give you extensive answers on these 3 important questions:

   1. How to buy quality Real Estate at below market prices, with favorable
      financing, without taking risk, & regardless of your situation or experience?

   2. How to put $10,000 or more into your bank account in the next 30 days?

   3. How to put “residents” into your homes that will pay you a lot more per month
      than a tenant, take care of the repairs and never ask for anything?



                                     Page 17 of 45