I don’t know if you realize, but by signing and personally guaranteeing the loan,
you are putting in jeopardy everything you own… Do you realize that you are
risking your position in life!?!

Why would you ever do that?

If something goes wrong and you can’t cover those payments, the bank will
foreclose and by doing so they’ll most likely incur the loss. By you guaranteeing
that loan, you gave them the right to go after you for recovering their loss,
ultimately pushing you into bankruptcy!

I can’t even begin to describe how many people I’ve met in my over 10 year long
Real Estate career that lost everything by personally guaranteeing loans.

Why would you ever do that if you don’t have to?

For now, REMEMBER, you should NEVER do this!

Side Note 1: some of you may be thinking that the way to go is to use the Hard-
money lenders. Absolutely not!

First of all, the financing terms make it impossible to buy and keep properties – it’s
a short term financing intended for rehabs. The interest rates are way too high to
make cash flow from properties cash.

Plus, many will also require the personal guarantee! Watch out! These lenders
are small companies and will be a lot more aggressive in going after you in case of
default.

Side Note 2: some of you may be thinking that you can get cash from “private”
lenders. That is feasible for a few properties, but not for 20… and not on a longer
term of 3 years or more, which you need in order to build massive wealth.

Private lenders are regular people like you and me, and most of them don’t want
to lock in their savings for many years. Plus, you will need to show them your
track record in order to get their money, which is not possible if you’re just starting.

Borrowing small amounts from private lenders is easy, but that’s not what we are
talking about here. We are talking about financing the whole purchase price.

In my over a decade long Real Estate career, I’ve met only a few who were able
to put together multiple lenders and buy tens of properties. Unfortunately, one
ended up in a jail for security violations, etc.


                                    Page 19 of 45