In most cases the seller does not get any proceeds from the sale, but they get the
release from the payments. The house is sold and they can move on with their life.

You bought the property without using any money and without ever talking to a bank
or a lender, or taking any risk.

If a seller has a lot of equity, then the difference between the purchase price you
agreed to and the loan balance will be paid to the seller at closing in cash or in a note
(promise to pay at a later date).

For example, the house is worth $100,000; the loan is $75,000 and you agreed to
pay $80,000. That means that at closing you will be getting the deed “subject to” the
existing loan at $75,000 and the seller will be getting $5,000.

In many instances, you will be able to get a seller to agree to take a Note instead of
cash at closing. In this example, the Note will say that you owe $5,000 to that seller,
and it will specify the terms of your repayment.

Now at this point, you really don’t need to think how all this is done because a closing
attorney or a title company agent will do it all for you.



Unlimited Funding “Ingredients”

You may be thinking… if this is so simple why everybody is not doing it.

The answer is, most people have never heard of it, and most investors don’t fully
understand it, so they are scared of complications that do NOT exist.

And the truth is… it is simple but only after someone who has done it shows you.
There are steps that you could mess up… like everything else in life.

It took me years to figure it out, but when I teach it to my students, they can go out
and do it right away.

You have probably seen the videos from Nate, a young California surfer, who used
the Unlimited Funding Method #5 to generate $101,000 check… You probably
remember Judy’s video where she used the existing loan at 3.6%... or Monica, who
got $30,000 in three weeks, etc.

Some of you have purchased the “4 Real-Life Case Study Training” where I flew to
four students cities and got it all on the video. This is four hours of real-life, “in


                                      Page 22 of 45