trenches”, training for less than hundred bucks, so all of you should have it. It shows
you the real-world scenarios of students making money. No hype, just learning.

If you got so far in this report, then you should get this training. Here’s the secret link:

www.MarkoRubel.com/CaseStudy

The fact is… ALL OF YOU reading this report can do this… the beauty is that your
situation doesn’t matter.

The only “ingredient” you need is the seller who is “slightly” motivated, and therefore,
ready to take the risk of letting someone else make the payments on the loan, he is
liable for.

The truth is, with this method, sellers are at some risk of the buyer (you) not making
the payments on their loan. You end up with full ownership. They lose all the control,
but they are still liable for that loan, and you have no liability.

Sounds unfair? Not really because they would be in a lot worse shape if you didn’t
step in. So the sellers win as well!

Remember the “universal rule”, it is - no one will give up something in life unless
they get something in return that they want more.

The solution you are providing to them by buying their house outweighs the risk of you
not making those payments – the relief, a piece of mind, preventing foreclosure, etc.

Those “slightly” motivated sellers are all over the place. With this system, you have an
UNLIMITED opportunity to build wealth!

It is the only way that ALL OF YOU reading this report can start, because YOUR
personal situation simply does NOT matter!

I hope you’re getting excited! Because once you learn how to do this, you will realize
that there is no reason for you to ever again worry about money!

Let me tell you… this was the biggest discovery of my life!

About ten years ago, after doing all kinds of different deals and getting nowhere, I
discovered this method and everything changed.

My first deal using this method made me more money in 30 days than all the
wholesaling and rehab deals combined that I had done to that point.


                                       Page 23 of 45