As the result of the direct response marketing that I’ll teach you, the seller called you
and asked you for help. After asking a few simple key-qualifying questions using my
phone script, you determined that there’s enough motivation to go and visit the seller.

While on the phone you asked:

Mr. Seller, if an agent brought you a buyer today and the buyer was willing to pay you
$230,000, would you consider that offer?

The seller willingly said “yes” after taking a moment thinking about his situation and
his months long effort in selling that resulted in the hassles and still “unsold” house.

At the house, after you built the rapport and credibility, you asked the seller again the
same question, now in person:

Mr. Seller, if an agent brought you a buyer today and the buyer was willing to offer
you $230,000, would you consider that offer?

The seller again answered “yes”. And then you asked this follow-up question:

Mr. Seller, we learned from helping a lot of sellers, that the sellers are usually very
happy if we can get them close to what they would net if they sold it through an
agent.

If you could net close to what you’d net by selling through an agent, would that work
for you?

The seller has already confirmed that in the previous question, but here you asked
again in order to setup what follows…

After the seller said “yes”, you went together with the seller to calculate what that net
would be.

I give to my students my proprietary tool that streamlines that calculation. It’s called
Net-Equity-Worksheet and it “educates” the seller on the cost of sale and the net.

SIDE NOTE: I talk more about this great tool on the webinar, and every attendee is
given a download link – one more reason to not be late to the webinar!
Here’s the essence of the process.

You will deduct the cost of sale from the $230,000 that the seller indicated would be
his acceptable price. The cost of sale will amount to between 10-15% depending
what you and the seller agreed to include in it.


                                      Page 25 of 45