At a minimum, it will include 6% real estate commission, the 3% of closing cost, and
3-4% of holding cost. The holding costs are monthly payments the seller needs to
make until he finds the buyer and the buyer buys it.

Let’s use 12%, which is a pretty typical number in this type of scenarios.

The 12% of $230,000 is $27,600, so after subtracting this amount and the seller’s
loan balance, the NET to the seller is $2,400.

             $230,000.00 -- price the seller indicated would be acceptable
       minus $27,600.00 – the cost of sale you got the seller to agree to
       minus $200,000.00 – the remaining balance on the seller’s loan
               $2,400.00 – NET in the best-case scenario

After the seller realized that there is not much profit to realize from the sale, you will
ask the seller the following question:

Mr. Seller, in a perfect scenario you would net $2,400. We know that we don’t live in
a perfect world, so what if we can buy your property for the balance of your loan,
would that work for you?

In most cases like this where the seller is motivated, and assuming you have built
the rapport and credibility properly, the answer will be YES! Think about it, why
wouldn’t they… they are getting close to what they wanted, plus they are MOTIVATED!

After that you will introduce the “loan staying in their name” concept and get the
Purchase & Sale Agreement signed, which will serve as guidance to your closing
attorney or the title company to close this transaction.

I have done the above-described process hundreds of times and have very specific
presentation that results in high percentage of “YES’” and it makes the whole
transaction very smooth.

I also have developed my own procedure and set of documents that ensure that you
create massive profits and stay legally compliant along the way.

At this point it is important for you to realize that this seller is NOT desperate, and this
concept doesn’t require very motivated or desperate sellers.

Also note, we didn’t pressure the seller with “what’s the least you would take?” and
“Is this the best you can do?” – a typical “guru” crap that kills your deals.

This “education” process, using the “Net-Equity-Worksheet”, helps the sellers keep
their pride, and it doesn’t make them feel like they’ve been taken advantage of.

                                       Page 26 of 45