The overall process solves their problem of double payments in this example, and
makes you money, a lot of it, as you’ll see below.

It is also pretty typical that you get the seller to make the next one or two payments in
this type of situations.

What I described above is the Unlimited Funding Method #1, called:

                           “$0 Down – Instant Ownership”

There are total of 7 Unlimited Funding Methods that make the Unlimited Funding
Program. We will cover all of them in the upcoming webinars.

For example, you will learn that Unlimited Funding Method (UFP) #5, called
“Foreclosure Reversal” allows you to get a deed from a seller in foreclosure, and
then send the back payments owed by the seller to the lender.

That stops the foreclosure and allows you to own the property with the long term
financing.

Now that method requires you to have $5,000 to $10,000 in available cash to cover
those back payments, but the good news is… I will provide this money and partner
with you to do that deal. This is my motivation to write this report to begin with.

I hope you don’t mind if we make money together. I’ll discuss this partnership
opportunity in the upcoming webinars, but rest assured…

My intention is not to make you dependent on me, not at all. I will teach you how you
can do all of this without ever needing me.

The truth is that most of the deals out there do not require any money to do, and you
can do them on your own. All you need is a little bit of knowledge, and I’ll get you that
through my webinars and live trainings.

I have made A LOT of people successful and helped them change their life for better!
If you decide to believe in me and attend my trainings you will be one of them. Then
you’ll know that this report is, in fact, a life-changing as I promised at the beginning.

So to summarize… there are plenty of deals you can do without having any money or
credit using Unlimited Funding Methods that you will learn about.

There are also deals that are very profitable and may require a little bit of money to
do. One example was the “Foreclosure Reversal” UFP method #5 described above.


                                      Page 27 of 45