We’ll act as a “bank” (provide the financing) and sell to people with ANY credit!

This is the majority of people out there so our pool of potential buyers will be
hundreds of times bigger than our competition has.

This is something totally NEW to you, and again it will make more sense once you
learn how simple it really is… but try to understand how powerful it really is when you
can sell properties to the majority of the people out there!

Those buyers cannot even consider all other houses for sale out there because they
need a bank loan to buy those other houses, which they can’t get!

This makes your house stand out between all the other houses for sale. You literally
have no competition to sell your house. Your house comes with “financing”, while all
others don’t!

In most cases, our houses for sale are the ONLY houses in those neighborhoods that
are available without a need for bank financing. Because of that…

Our houses sell faster and for top price because we have multiple buyers interested
in them, instead of the other way around. This results in a faster sale and more profit.

I know you are probably totally confused right now, but this is really simple… here are
the basics of how this works…

We will act as a “bank” and provide financing on our own by passing on the existing
financing from the previous seller.

In the deal-example given in the previous section, if you remember we purchased the
$250,000.00 house for the balance of the existing loan at $200,000.00.

Now, if we were to sell that house “outright” using conventional methods, we would
net around $25,000.00 or less. This is not bad considering that with the “Unlimited
Funding Method #1” we had no money or work involved in this deal.

However, would you want to double or triple that profit? Why not?

We will double or triple that profit by selling to MAJORITY of people out there with
ANY credit and a little down payment… here’s how:

We will advertise the house as “No Banks Required – Any Credit Welcome”. This will
attract hundreds of buyers to call us in a single weekend.




                                      Page 30 of 45