10 Reasons for the Niche2Wealth Business Model
Here are the 10 strong REASONS why this is the best way to profit today:

   1. You buy without using your credit or money (in most cases), using Unlimited
      Funding Methods. Therefore, you don’t depend on the banks or lenders.

   2. The financing you “inherit” with the property is at a low interest rate, allowing
      you to get cash flow from the day one.

   3. You are leveraging on the current economic conditions - there are plenty of
      sellers, who are slightly motivated; or just about to be behind on payments, or
      already in foreclosure and really motivated.

       We’ll cover the “Winning Foreclosure Strategies” in the upcoming webinar!

   4. Your product “the house with financing” appeals to the majority of people in
      this economy. You are solving the need and getting paid a lot for doing it.

   5. You get top price and the fast sale because most people out there want the
      “product” you have for sale.

   6. You PROFIT is double or even triple comparing to other investors because
      you are leveraging multiple profit centers – in addition to a difference in price,
      you are profiting by charging higher interest rates, financing points, etc. (there
      are a few more profit centers that I don’t want to confuse you with here).

   7. You are working SMART not hard! You’re not rehabbing houses and then
      hoping to find a buyer who will qualify for the loan (minority). Typical “N2W”
      transaction takes 2-3 hours to do.

   8. It is easy to delegate. After a few first deals, your entire selling process will be
      delegated. Your entire marketing will be automated, leaving you with a high six
      or even seven figure business that you can run part-time.

       Take a lot of notes during the “Systemize for Success” webinar!

   9. If the buyer defaults, you get the house back, keep the down payment and do
      it all over again… get more down payments and additional cash flow. If the
      house has appreciated, you are the one who benefits from it.

   10. You are providing a great service by helping Sellers & Buyers!


                                      Page 32 of 45