Your 20 Top Questions

Here are the top 20 questions students have asked before that may further clarify this
concept. I’ll try to be as elaborate as possible.


1. Is this really possible without having a lot of money or credit?

Absolutely! I have students in all areas of the country profiting without using or
having any money or credit, so you can do it too.

Now, it’s obvious that some deals out there will require some cash, so having money
will enable you to profit from more deals. If you find one of those deals, and it is
really a good one, I’ll provide the money and partner with you – see the upcoming
webinar for more on that!


2. Is it really possible if I’m short on time and have a regular job?

Investing the way I teach is a part time business. The whole business model is
designed and perfected to double or triple your profits, while spending not more than
a few hours per deal.

In addition, every part of the business that could be automated IS AUTOMATED! I
will introduce you different technology we use to make our lives easier during our
“Systemize For Success” webinar that’s coming up.

And here’s the 3 “big picture” reasons why this type of “niche” business doesn’t
require you to work hard, like with wholesaling, rehabbing, short sales, etc.

  a) You are looking for deals that are readily available - The business
     foundation relies on dealing with properties and seller situations that are readily
     available. Therefore you are not wasting time looking for a “needle in a
     haystack” as with some of the other systems out there.

  b) You are working with “easy” Sellers - You are not wasting time talking and
     trying to negotiate with hundreds of sellers before you can close one, like it is
     the case when you are dealing with more savvy owners of commercial or high-
     end properties. With this business model, you are dealing with the “average
     Joe’s” out there, increasing your chances from the get go.




                                      Page 34 of 45