  c) You are selling what MOST want & can afford – This is a big time saver
     because you’re dealing with the houses that MOST people want and CAN
     afford. This perfect “product to market match” allows you to sell quickly without
     wasting your time with “picky” buyers that many times can’t close on their loan
     and the deal falls apart at the last minute... having you start all over again.

All the above makes the “Niche2Wealth” a “cookie cutter” business model that’s easy
to do on a part-time basis. Why work hard when you can work smart?

Why fix houses and deal with tenants, when you can double your profits without it?


3. Can I make $20,000 in the next 30 days?

Absolutely!! All you need to do is get a deed on a house that has some equity – and
to your surprise, there are plenty of those in EVERY city - see the Question # 6
below.

Then you can sell that house to a “no qualifying” buyer (plenty of those out there)
who will happily give you 5-10% down.

You could even assign the whole deal to an investor - - keep in mind this would not
be a standard Wholesaling Deal – you’d use the Unlimited Funding Method #7.


4. Is this hard to do if I know nothing about Real Estate?

Can you speak English? When I started, I didn’t, and I had no idea of what
“mortgage” meant or what “deed” was… I spent more time going through a dictionary
than you will spend learning these simple concepts.

So, if I can do it, YOU CAN definitely do it!

And here’s the SECRET on how to expedite your success…

Stop listening to those emails coming from so called “gurus” selling you the next
“greatest” way to make money… the next “magic pill”. If you delete those emails you
will not waste a few years like I did before you find out the truth. You’ll be making
money in the next few months!

Majority of those gurus who proclaim to show you how to do this are "selling the
dream" and not the how to... I've been around now long enough to have seen all the



                                      Page 35 of 45