They had dreams when they were young, replaced by responsibilities as they
mature, and they are left with nothing but regrets when they are old.

Sure they’d hoped to be happier. They wanted to be more successful. But every day
was the same, nothing ever changed. They didn’t feel like they had the time, the
discipline, or the resources to take the necessary steps.

My whole goal in writing this report was to wake you up and show you that it is
possible. So you realize --- that you don’t need money to profit, that you don’t need a
good credit or a lot of time… all you need is a desire to step out of your daily routine
and take that next step.

Learn and implement.

And by doing so, you’ll put yourself and your family on a path of more enjoyable and
fulfilling life… the life without stress and worry about money.

This way, instead of letting life pass you by, you slam on the brakes and stop the
routine. You stop wishing and waiting, and take a different and more fulfilling
alternative than everyone else. All it requires is you to make an effort.

Will it be easy? Not at first. But each day it will get easier. And shortly after your first
few “Unlimited Funding” deals it will get as easy as you wish it were right now.

Besides, even if it was difficult at first, and even if it took you 6 months to get your
first big check (which it won’t), what choice would you have? Just settle and resign
to living an unfulfilling life? Of course not!!

Because once you realize that the 6 months will go by anyway – it really becomes not
a choice but an IQ test. And you either “get-it” or you don’t.

I hope I’ve awaken you up to reality, and you realize your dreams aren’t going to
happen on their own. A better financial situation isn’t going to magically appear out of
nowhere, nor are you going to wake up one day and suddenly be living your dream
life. The fact is… You either get serious and make an effort, or live with the
regret that you never did.

Obvious, right?

Even with as obvious at it is, many don’t get it, and continue living in mediocrity.
They continue dealing with people they can’t stand, settling with reality they’d rather
not, preparing to do the same thing day after day.




                                       Page 43 of 45