

                                                      Version



                                                     4Nov 09




Build Strong Business Credit Scores The Fastest Possible Way




       BusinessFinanceCoach.com




Your business needs its own credit scores that are separate
from you personally. Let’s look at how you get that done.

The Reasons to Build Business Credit



        Wells Fargo Bank - Separating Personal and Business Finances
             "The longer you delay establishing business credit,
         the longer you delay taking advantage of business loans."




  Your business needs to stand on its own for financing and it will not
  be able to do that until it has strong business credit scores with:




      Your Business Must Have 3 Separate Business Credit Reports with:

               Experian      Equifax      Dun and Bradstreet

B U I L D I N G   B U S I N E S S   C R E D I T
                                                                                                  Steps




6 Steps To Building Business Credit
                                                                                                  6
In this book we will be showing you the 6 Steps to building business credit.

Steps 1 and 2 are foundational and critical to complete so that your business is ready to build strong business
credit scores. Without completing Steps 1 and 2 it is impossible to build business credit scores that are
separate from you personally.

Steps 3, 4, 5 & 6 are where you actually build business credit.

Step 3 is setting up with all business credit agencies; EquiFax, Experian and Dun & Bradstreet.

Step 4 is obtaining five vendor lines of credit that report to the agencies

Step 5 is obtaining three business credit cards that report to the agencies.

Step 6 is obtaining your first business bank loan that reports to the business credit agencies.

Below is summary of each Step and what you must do to successfully build business credit.


           Step 1 - Setting The Foundation For Building Business Credit
           1.1 - Making Sure Your Business Is Ready To Build Business Credit.
           1.2 - Your business entity structure, what it takes to build business credit.
           1.3 - You will be building strong business credit and you should protect it.
           1.4 - Why your business location is vital to building business credit.
           1.5 - Your business must be in 411 directory assistance to get approved.
           1.6 - Your business credit identity (EIN), the tracking and how you get one.
           1.7 - Why you must verify that all agencies listings are "exactly" the same.

           Step 2 - Optimizing Your Banking, Assets and Revenue To Maximize Fundability
           2.1 - Your bank accounts, a vital business credit building component.
           2.2 - Identifying the business assets and availability for credit use.
           2.3 - The business owners can play a key role in building business credit.
           2.4 - The one credit card that every business can get that opens all 3 national files.
           2.5 - Bank Visa and MasterCards that can be used as cash and that build credit.




                                                          1

Step 3 - Getting Set Up With All Three Business Credit Reporting Agencies
3.1 - Dun & Bradstreet Business Credit Report.
3.2 - Experian Business Profile Report.
3.3 - Equifax Small Business Credit Report.
3.4 - Credit scores, what are excellent business credit scores.


Step 4 - Vendor Credit (Net 30 Day Accounts)
4.1 - The "Starter Set" of Net 30 Vendors.
4.2 - Vendors For Computers & Electronics.
4.3 - Vendors for Office Supplies, Marketing & Print.
4.4 - Vendors for Building & Industrial Supplies.
4.5 - Vendors Who Are Major Retail & Specialty Providers.
4.6 - A summary of your selected vendor accounts & applications.


Step 5 - National Revolving Credit Card Accounts
5.1 - The "Starter Set" of Revolving Credit Accounts.
5.2 - Revolving Accounts for Major Credit Card Providers.
5.3 - Revolving Accounts for Office Resources & Supplies.
5.4 - Revolving Accounts for Building & Decor Supplies.
5.5 - Revolving Accounts for Gas Stations & Fleet Management.
5.6 - Revolving Accounts for Major Retail & Specialty Providers.
5.7 - A summary of your selected revolving credit card accounts & applications.


Step 6 - One Bank Loan, Why It Is Very Important And Exactly How To Get It
6.1 - Bank rating, what is it and how to use it to your advantage.
6.2 - Unique funding programs that are available sources of business cash.
6.3 - Sources for finding personal cash that can be used in your business.
6.4 - Obtaining one bank business loan that reports to the credit agencies.
6.5 - Where to go to get the one bank loan that your business must have.




                                            2

                                                                                         Step




Step 1 – The Foundation
                                                                                      1
      1.1 - Making Sure Your Business Is Ready To Build Business Credit.
      1.2 - Your business entity structure, what it takes to build business credit.
      1.3 - You will be building strong business credit and you should protect it.
      1.4 - Why your business location is vital to building business credit.
      1.5 - Your business must be in 411 directory assistance to get approved.
      1.6 - Your business credit identity (EIN), the tracking and how you get one.
      1.7 - Why you must verify that all agencies listings are "exactly" the same.



Step 1.1 - Setup Structure

  Making Sure Your Business Is Ready To Build Business Credit
  Throughout Step 1 we are going to cover the foundational issues. Let's begin with the name of your
  business. Even if you are already incorporated or have been in business for a while, we need to
  check to see if your business name conflicts with other established businesses or if it could
  potentially cause Trademark infringement.

  1. Dun and Bradstreet - Credit Name Search
  Check to see if any businesses with the same or very similar names are listed with Dun and
  Bradstreet (D&B). To use D&B's Find a Company search Click Here. Be sure you select
  "Nationwide" on the "Select a State" drop-down. Your business name should not already be listed
  with D&B and needs to be unique. The reason for that is you do not want your business always
  having to explain "why it is not that other business with the same name".

  2. Knowx.com - National Name Search
  Check to make sure that your business name does not conflict with other businesses nationwide. To
  do that you can use www.Knowx.com. They charge $65 for a national search but it is well worth it. If
  you would rather not pay the $65 you can run a business name search yourself on each Secretary of
  State's web site. Inside our business credit building system that free search is available.

  3. Trademark - Infringement Name Search
  Check with the U.S. Trademark office to make sure that your business name will not cause
  Trademark infringement. To do that for free please Click Here, then click on Search under "Get a
  Trademark Registration..." From there, select New User Form Search to submit a query. You want
  to find that your business name is free and clear. Doing this search on your own is a little
  complicated, please be sure to read all the Trademark Office instructions. If you want to insure that
  this important search is done correctly by a professional we recommend that you Click Here.




                                                   3

4. Web Site Address - Domain Name Search (.com)
You need to verify that the domain URL (website address) for your business name is not currently
being used. To do that Click Here. You should purchase your business name URL (domain name) if
it is available as a ".com". For example if your business legal name is "The Truck Stop", then
"www.TheTruckStop.com needs to be available and you should secure it.

5. Web Listing - Online Directory Search
Finally, you need to search the online directories to see if your business is listed correctly, or even
listed at all. If your business shows-up, make sure all the information is correct. If it does not show-
up, then be sure to create a free business listing with the Superpages directory.

The rest of Step 1 is below and is fully detailed inside our business credit building system.

1.2 - Your business entity structure, what it takes to build business credit.

1.3 - You will be building strong business credit and you should protect it.

1.4 - Why your business location is vital to building business credit.

1.5 - Your business must be in 411 directory assistance to get approved (we submit it for you).

1.6 - Your business credit identity (EIN), the tracking and how you get one.

1.7 - Why you must verify that all agencies listings are "exactly" the same.




Your business must have its own business credit scores. For a one-time fee, which is for a
Lifetime Membership, our Business Credit Building System will help you build strong
business credit scores in just 120 days. Get it done at BusinessFinanceCoach.com




                                                  4

                                                                                             Step




Step 2 - Your Business Fundability
                                                                                         2
        Step 2 - Optimizing Your Banking, Assets and Revenue To Maximize Fundability

        2.1 - Your bank accounts, a vital business credit building component.
        2.2 - Identifying the business assets and availability for credit use.
        2.3 - The business owners can play a key role in building business credit.
        2.4 - The one credit card that every business can get that opens all 3 national files.
        2.5 - Bank Visa and MasterCards that can be used as cash and that build credit.


Fund • a • bil • i • ty [ adj. Fuhnd-uh-bil-i-tee ] You won't find "Fundability" on Dictionary.com, so don't
bother looking. Fundability is a phrase we've coined to describe how a business measures up in relation
to the entire business lending and investing community. How fundable is your business?

Fundability is not just about your business credit. It includes several components that determine
how your overall business is seen by lenders, investors, insurers, suppliers, and more. Basically, we
know that your business was worth the risk for you, but is it worth the risk for them?

The answer will increasingly be "yes" as your business fundability grows.

So by improving the fundability of your business, The Business Credit Building System is doing more
than just helping you build strong business credit. We are improving the overall "health" of your
business while greatly increasing your ability to succeed now and in the future.

The major components of your Business Fundability are:

    •   Business Bank Accounts
    •   Business Assets
    •   Business Revenue
    •   The Owners




                                                      5

Step 2.1 - Bank Accounts

  It is vital that the way your business name is listed on your business bank account(s)
  matches exactly with how your business name appears on your legal paperwork that has
  been filed with the State. It must also match exactly with the business name that appears on
  your Federal EIN paperwork.

  IF IT DOES NOT MATCH, GET IT CORRECTED IMMEDIATELY!
  All lenders determine the age of your business by the date you first opened your business
  banking account. The date that appears on your Incorporation, LLC, or EIN paperwork is of no
  concern to lenders or to the business credit agencies.

  Everything in business lending and business credit starts from the day you open your
  business bank account.

  Your business banking history is vital to your future success of being able to secure business loans.
  Lenders will look to see how long that relationship has been established, so once you get your
  account established and/or corrected,

  DO NOT MOVE BANKS. The longer your business banking history is, the better it is for your
  business borrowing potential.

  If you haven't already done so, now is the time to verify that the business names listed on your State,
  Federal and Banking paperwork all match 100% and all have your business listed at the exact same
  mailing address.

  The rest of Step 2 is below and is fully detailed inside our business credit building system.

  2.2 - Identifying the business assets and availability for credit use.

  2.3 - The business owners can play a key role in building business credit.

  2.4 - The one credit card that every business can get that opens all 3 national files.

  2.5 - Bank Visa and MasterCards that can be used as cash and that build credit.




  Your business must have its own business credit scores. For a one-time fee, which is for a
  Lifetime Membership, our Business Credit Building System will help you build strong
  business credit scores in just 120 days. Get it done at BusinessFinanceCoach.com




                                                     6

                                                                                               Step




Step 3 - Credit Agencies
                                                                                            3
     3.1 - Dun & Bradstreet Business Credit Report.
     3.2 - Experian Business Profile Report.
     3.3 - Equifax Small Business Credit Report.
     3.4 - Credit scores, what are excellent business credit scores.

In Step 3, you are shown how to get your business credit files open with all three business credit
reporting agencies ... Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, and EquiFax.

Dun & Bradstreet is used by most vendors to extend lines of credit. Landlords use them to approve office
leases as well. Experian is used by many credit card companies and non-traditional business lenders.
EquiFax is called the "Small Business Financial Exchange" and is most important for cash lenders such
as banks.

The how-to instructions in this Step for getting set up "the right way" with each Business Credit Reporting
Agency are very clearly spelled out and the methods have been tested and proven by thousands of our
business members before you.

There are some confusing claims made by the business credit reporting agencies. For instance, Dun &
Bradstreet claims that you must pay them or your business file will never be opened. That is simply not
true. Your file will activate with them, it just will take a few reporting cycles. Equifax claims that they don't
allow business owners to purchase a copy of their reports. That is true, but we will show how to obtain a
copy of your EquiFax business report without purchasing it.

In Step 3 we wipe away all confusion about the Business Credit Reporting Agencies. Along with being
able to access all three of your business credit reports, you will have a much clearer understanding of the
business credit reporting process and you will know how your business credit scores are developed
when we are finished.

Our business credit building system is data integrated with Experian Smart business credit reports. So
when you first login you will be able to see exactly where your company currently stands in the business
credit building process, and then be able to track your real-time progress as your business credit grows.

Personal credit scores range from 300 to 850 with scores of 720+ being considered excellent.
That should be your goal for personal credit. Business credit scores range from 0 to 100 with
scores of 75+ being strong. Since 1995, Our Business Credit Building System has made that
happen for over 50,000 businesses before yours. Now let's make it happen for yours too.

The rest of Step 3 is fully detailed inside our business credit building system.

Your business must have its own business credit scores. For a low one-time fee, which is for a
Lifetime Membership , our Business Credit Building System will help you build strong business
credit scores in just 120 days. Get it done at BusinessFinanceCoach.com




                                                        7

                                                                                       Step




Step 4 - Vendor Credit (Net 30)
                                                                                    4
     4.1 - The "Starter Set" of Net 30 Vendors.
     4.2 - Vendors For Computers & Electronics.
     4.3 - Vendors for Office Supplies, Marketing & Print.
     4.4 - Vendors for Building & Industrial Supplies.
     4.5 - Vendors Who Are Major Retail & Specialty Providers.
     4.6 - A summary of your selected vendor accounts & applications.

A vendor line of credit is when a company (vendor) extends a line of credit to your business on
"Net 30, 60 or 90" day terms. This means you can purchase their products or services up to a
maximum dollar amount and you have 30, 60 or 90 days to pay the bill in full. So if you purchase
$300 worth of goods today, then that $300 is due within the next 30 days.

The facts about vendor credit lines:

   1. You can get products and services your business needs and defer the payment on those for 30
       days, thereby easing cash flow. This is called "Net 30".
   2. When your first Net 30 account reports your "trade line" to Dun & Bradstreet, the DUNS system
       will automatically activate your file and your number if it isn't already.
   3. Many of our vendors will open a Net 30 terms account for your company with as little as an EIN
       number and a verified 411 listing.
   4. There should be enough vendors to choose from so that if one or two of them insist on requiring
       an active credit file first, you'll be able to move on to another.
   5. Always apply first without using your SSN, some vendors will request it and some will even tell
       you on the phone they have to have it. Submit first without it, with your EIN only.
   6. Some vendors may ask you to place an initial prepaid order. If so, get that order out of the way
       fast and move on to having a Net 30 account opened.
   7. Remember that the goal here is to have at least five (5) Net 30 accounts opened and reporting,
       not necessarily to have vendors that serve 100% of your business needs right now. Later, once
       your scores are built, you can add better vendors as you may need them.
   8. Pay your vendor accounts as close to Net 15 days as possible. The quicker you pay them the
       better your business credit scores will be.
   9. You must be patient and allow time for the vendors' reporting cycles to get into the
       system and begin impacting your business credit scores. It typically takes three (3) cycles
       of "Net" accounts reporting to build credit scores.
   10. Remember we said from the very beginning that it takes 90 to 120 days to build business credit
       scores. The credit reporting cycles are the main reason for that and it cannot be done faster.

You can take the chance of researching and finding the right vendors on you own, or for a low
one-time fee at BusinessFinanceCoach.com we’ll give you access to our proprietary list of
approved vendors. Our vendors have been verified to extend net terms and only report on your
business credit. You will also see exactly what they require to approve your business for a line of
credit before applying. Simply pay them early and begin building strong business scores.



                                                  8

                                                                                            Step




Step 5 - Revolving Credit Accounts
                                                                                         5
     5.1 - The "Starter Set" of Revolving Credit Accounts.
     5.2 - Revolving Accounts for Major Credit Card Providers.
     5.3 - Revolving Accounts for Office Resources & Supplies.
     5.4 - Revolving Accounts for Building & Decor Supplies.
     5.5 - Revolving Accounts for Gas Stations & Fleet Management.
     5.6 - Revolving Accounts for Major Retail & Specialty Providers.
     5.7 - A summary of your selected revolving credit card accounts & applications.


Having three (3) Revolving Business Credit Card accounts is key to building business credit.

For your business credit building success you need to obtain three (3) revolving business credit card
accounts. These accounts report to the business credit agencies in different ways and carry more weight
than the vendor credit that you selected in Step 4.

A revolving credit account is simply one that allows you to pay a "minimum due" per month and not the
full outstanding balance. These accounts normally report to Experian and sometimes to D&B and
EquiFax. Because of how they report, these accounts will help build your business credit on a larger scale
than just the Net 30 day vendors alone.

If you haven't completed Steps 1 through 4 there is no point in starting Step 5.

Why? Because you will most likely get declined. These accounts will be checking to see that your
business credit foundation is set and that your business credit files are open. They may also check your
bank rating, look to see if you have some open vendor lines of credit and, in many cases, they will want to
see that your D&B file is open.

In this step it does not matter which Revolving Credit Card Accounts you open and make
purchases with. We have a great selection of companies offering products and services that are of value
to any and all businesses.

For example, inside our business credit building system is a business credit card that can be used almost
universally to buy car, truck, and airplane fuel and to pay for almost any car, truck, or airplane service
costs such as new tires, brakes, maintenance, or repairs. All of our users can get approved for this card
and it reports to Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, and Equifax to open all three of your business credit files.

Your business needs three (3) business credit cards that report to the national agencies. For a low
one-time fee you’ll have full access to our highly researched business cards, just like the one
above, that only report on business credit. You’ll also see exactly what they require to approve
your business before applying. All in one easy place. Go to BusinessFinanceCoach.com and
enroll today! How much is your time worth?




                                                    9

                                                                                            Step




Step 6 - Bank Credit
                                                                                         6
  6.1 - Bank rating, what is it and how to use it to your advantage.
  6.2 - Unique funding programs that are available sources of business cash.
  6.3 - Sources for finding personal cash that can be used in your business.
  6.4 - Obtaining one bank business loan that reports to the credit agencies.
  6.5 - Where to go to get the one bank loan that your business must have.

Getting "Bank Credit" makes your business more credible in the eyes of almost all other lenders.

In Step 6, we will walk through what must be done to obtain some of the initial Bank Credit that will start
the reporting process for your business and place your business on all other lender’s radar.

As part of Bank Credit, in Step 6 we will be teaching you about the following:

    Bank Ratings - a strong business bank account rating indicates your business has the ability to re-
    pay loans, we will look at how banks rate your accounts.

    Business Cash – We provide you with access to many unique funding programs that can bring
    quick cash to your business.

    Personal Cash - Here we show you some creative programs for accessing personal cash that can
    then be used in your business.

    One Bank Loan - We will detail why your business needs a bank loan that reports to the business
    credit agencies, exactly how to go about obtaining it and which banks to go to.

    Which Banks – We provide you with a detailed list of banks that our business members before you
    have reported as successfully doing to one bank loan program and that we have verified report to the
    business credit agencies. Many banks that offer business credit cards and business loans either do
    not report to the business credit agencies or worse they only report on your personal credit.




By just relying on this free workbook you’ll have to research how to get Step 6 completed and
obtain one bank loan that reports to the national agencies on your own. Or for a low one-time fee
at BusinessFinanceCoach.com we show you exactly how to do it and where.




                                                     10

Get the Help You Need to Get it Done Fast

  We have spent years researching how to build strong business credit
  scores the fastest possible way with EquiFax, D&B and Experian.




  At BusinessFinanceCoach.com, for a low one-time fee we show you:

      1. How to get set up with all three national business credit reporting agencies
         without paying hundreds of dollars to do so.
      2. How to get your first business bank loan that reports to the business credit
         agencies and which banks will approve your business.
      3. How to obtain five vendor lines of credit that report to the business
         agencies and have hundreds of vendors to select from.
      4. Where to get three business credit cards that report that are separate from
         you personally and what are their approval requirements.



  Our data will save you hundreds of hours of researching on your own and
  we will make sure that you get it done the fastest possible way.

  At BusinessFinanceCoach.com we help your business build strong
  business credit scores the fastest possible way. We guarantee it!


                              So Let’s Get Started.



                                        11