12 CREDIT LINES & CARDS
      YOU CAN GET
  FOR YOUR BUSINESS





                     12 Credit Lines and Cards You Can
                           Get for Your Business
                    A credit line, or line of credit (LOC), is an agreement between a financial
                    institution or private investor. It establishes the highest loan balance a
                    borrower can access.
                    A borrower can access funds from their line of credit any time, long as
                    they don’t exceed the maximum set in the agreement. Plus they must
                    meet any other requirements of the finance institution or investor,
                    such as making timely payments.

                    Credit Line Details
                    Credit lines provide many unique advantages to borrowers including
                    flexibility. Borrowers can use their lines of credit and only pay interest
                    on what they use, unlike loans where they pay interest on the full
                    amount borrowed. You can reuse credit lines. So as you build a balance
                    and pay that balance off, you can use that available credit, again and
                    again.
                    Credit lines are revolving accounts like credit cards. Contrast them with
                    other forms of financing like installment loans. Often, lines of credit
                    are unsecured, much the same as credit cards. But there are some
                    secured credit lines, which are easier to qualify for.
                    Credit lines are the most commonly requested
                    loan type in the business world. But even
                    though they are very popular, true credit lines
                    are rare and hard to find. Many are also very
                    tough to qualify for. They usually demand
                    good credit, good time in business, and good
                    financials. But there are other credit cards and
                    lines that few know about. They are available for startups, bad credit,
                    and even if you have no financials.
                    Most credit line types that most business owners think of come from
                    conventional banks. Conventional banks use SBA loans as their primary
                    loan product for small business owners. This is because the SBA insures
                    as much as 90% of the loan in the case of default. These credit lines are


2   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of





     the hardest to qualify for because you must qualify with the SBA and
     the bank.

     1. – 5. SBA Express and CapLines
     There are two main types of SBA loans you can typically secure.
     CAPLines is one. There are actually 4 types of CAPLines that can work
     for your business.
     Or secure a lower loan amount faster with SBA Express. Most of these
     programs offer BOTH loans and revolving lines of credit. From the SBA…
     “CAPLines is the umbrella program under which SBA helps business owners meet
     short-term and cyclical working capital needs”. Loan amounts are available
     up to $5 million. Loan qualification requirements are the same as with
     other SBA programs.

     1. CapLines Seasonal Line
     A Seasonal Line advances against anticipated inventory and accounts
     receivables. Designed to help seasonal businesses. Loan or revolving
     are available.

     2. CapLines Contract Line
     A Contract Line finances direct labor and material costs of performing
     assignable contracts. Loan or revolving are available.

     3. CapLines Builders Line
     A Builders Line is for general contractors or builders constructing or
     renovating commercial or residential buildings. Used to finance direct
     labor and material costs. Here, the building project serves as the collateral.
     Loan or revolving are available.

     4. CapLines Working Capital Line
     For a Working Capital Line, borrowers must use the loan proceeds for
     short term working capital/operating needs. If the proceeds are used to
     get fixed assets, lender must refinance the part of the line used to get
     the fixed asset into an appropriate term facility. They must do so no
     later than 90 days after lender discovers the line was used to finance a
     fixed asset.

routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       3





                    5. SBA Express
                    The SBA Express program offers access to a credit line for well-qualified
                    borrowers
                    Get approval for up to $350,000. Interest rates vary, with SBA allowing
                    banks to charge as much as 6.5% over their base rate. Loans over
                    $25,000 will call for collateral.

                    SBA Approval Requirements
                    For approval, you need good personal and business credit. The SBA states
                    you should not have any blemishes on your report. You need good bank
                    credit. An acceptable bank score requires you have at least $10,000 in
                    your account over the last 90 days. You also need a resume showing
                    you have industry experience. Plus a well put-together business plan.
                    You will need three years of business and personal tax returns, and
                    your business returns should show a profit. You also need a current
                    balance sheet and income statement, showing you have the funds to
                    repay the loan.
                    For approval, you need verification of your account receivables, if you
                    have them. You need collateral to offset the risk. Usually all business
                    assets will be taken as collateral, plus some personal assets including
                    your home. It’s not uncommon to need collateral equal to 50% or more
                    of the loan amount. You also need articles of incorporation, business
                    licenses, contracts with all third parties and your lease.

                    6. Private Investors and Alternative Lenders
                    Private investors and alternative lenders also offer credit lines. These
                    are easier to qualify for than conventional SBA loans. They also request
                    much less documentation for approval. These alternative SBA credit
                    lines usually demand good personal credit for approval.
                    Unlike with the SBA, many of them don’t
                    demand good bank or business credit for
                    approval. Almost all these types of programs
                    demand two years of tax returns. Tax returns
                    MUST show a profit. Rates can vary from 7% or
                    higher and loan amounts range from $25,000
                    into the millions. Loan amounts are typically


4   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of





     based on the revenues and/or profits reflected on the tax returns.
     Sometimes lenders want other financials such as a P&L, balance sheets,
     and income statements.

     7. Merchant Cash Advances
     Merchant cash advances have quickly become the most popular way to
     get financing. This is in large part due to the easy qualification process.
     Companies with $10,000 in revenue can get
     approval, with the business owner having
     scores as low as 500. Some sources have now
     even started to offer credit lines that go with
     their loans. You will need to have at least
     $10,000 in revenue for approval. You should be
     in business for at least one year. Three years is
     even better. Lenders often want to see a personal credit score of 650 or
     higher for approval.
     Loan amounts are usually around $20,000. Lenders often pull your
     business credit, so you should have some credit already established.
     Sometimes lenders will want to see tax returns. Rates vary based
     on risk for this program, and there aren’t a lot of funding sources
     offering it.

     8. Securities Financing
     Get financing regardless of personal credit if you have some type of
     stocks or bonds. Or get approval if you have someone who wants to use
     their stocks or bonds as collateral for your financing. Personal credit
     quality doesn’t matter. There are no consumer credit requirements for
     approval. Get approval for as much as 90% of the value of your stocks
     or bonds. Rates are often less than 2%, making this one of the lowest
     rate credit lines you’ll ever see. You still earn interest as normal on your
     stocks and bonds.
     But what about credit cards? Credit cards and lines are very similar
     each other.

     9. Unsecured Cards up to $150,000
     Credit cards usually offer 0% introductory rates for up to two years.


routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       5





                    This is very helpful for startups especially. Credit lines allow you to take
                    out more cash at a much cheaper rate than cards. These are the two
                    main differences between credit cards and credit line. Investopedia
                    even says “lines of credit are potentially useful hybrids of credit cards…”
                    Both cards and lines are revolving credit. Credit lines are harder to qualify
                    for. Card approvals are typically very fast, and many times automated.
                    Lines require an in-depth underwriting review. Lines usually offer
                    lower rates. According to Bankrate, card rates average 13% while lines
                    average 4%.
                    Most banks offer unsecured business credit cards. And most of them
                    report to the consumer credit reporting agencies. They all want a
                    personal guarantee from you. You get approval usually for one card
                    at the most. They will stop approving you when you have two or more
                    inquiries on your report.
                    Most credit card companies offer business credit cards including
                    Capital One, Chase, and Amex. These have rates like consumer rates.
                    Limits are also similar. Some report to the consumer reporting agencies.
                    Others report to the business bureaus. Approval requirements are like
                    for consumer credit card accounts.
                    Typically, when you apply for a credit card you put an inquiry on your
                    consumer report. When other lenders see these, they won’t approve
                    you for more credit. This is because they don’t know how much other
                    new credit you have recently obtained. So they’ll only approve you
                    if you have less than two inquiries on your report within the last six
                    months. Any more will get you declined.
                    With unsecured business financing (UBF), you work with a lender
                    specializing in securing business credit cards. This is a VERY rare, little-
                    known program that few lending sources offer. They can usually get
                    you 3 – 5 times the amount of the approvals you would get on your
                    own. This is because they know the sources to apply for, and the order
                    to apply. And they can time their applications
                    so the card issuers won’t decline you for the
                    other card inquiries. Individual approvals
                    usually range from $2,000 – 50,000.
                    The result of their services is that you usually
                    get up to five cards mimicking the credit


6   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of





     limits of your highest limit accounts now.
     Several cards create competition. So you can
     get your limits raised typically within six
     months or fewer of initial approval. Approvals
     can go up to $150,000 per entity such as a
     corporation. With UBF they get you three to
     five business credit cards which report only
     to business credit reporting agencies. This is HUGE, something most
     lenders don’t offer or advertise. Not only will you get money, but you
     build your business credit as well. So within three to four months, use
     your newly established business credit to get even more money.
     The lender can also get you low introductory rates, typically 0% for 6
     to 18 months. Then pay normal rates after that, typically 5 – 21% APR
     with 20 – 25% APR for cash advances. And they’ll also get you the best
     cards for points, meaning you get the best rewards. As with anything,
     there are HUGE benefits in working with a source specializing in this
     area. And the results will be much better than if you try to go at it alone.
     You must have excellent personal credit now, preferably 685 or better
     scores. This is the same as with all business credit cards. You shouldn’t
     have ANY derogatory credit reported for approval. Also, you must have
     open revolving credit on your consumer reports now. And you must
     have five inquiries or fewer in the last six months reported.
     All lenders in this space charge a 9 – 15% success-based fee. You only
     pay the fee for what you secure. Remember, you get a ton of extra
     benefits and about three to five times more money with this program
     than you’d get on your own. This is why there’s a fee, the same as all
     other lending programs.
     Get approval using a guarantor. Or use several guarantors to get even
     more money. There are also other cards available with this program.
     But these cards only report to CONSUMER reporting agencies. They do
     not report to the business credit reporting agencies. They are consumer
     credit cards versus business credit cards.
     They provide similar benefits including 0% intro APRs and five times
     the amount of approval of a single card. But they’re much easier to
     qualify for. Get approval with a 650 score and seven inquiries in the last
     six months. And you can have a bankruptcy on your credit, and other
     derogatory items. These are much easier to get than UBF business
     cards.

routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       7





                    10. Revenue Credit Lines
                    Some lenders are now issuing revenue credit lines on top of their normal
                    loans. This is a BIG deal! This is one of the only types of true credit lines
                    available when you don’t have good personal credit.
                    If you are lower risk, you might get both a revenue lending deal and
                    credit lines. You might have a good amount of time in business, good
                    personal credit, or good bank account management. For example,
                    we’ve seen clients get a $200,000 revenue lending deal, and a $25,000
                    credit line to go with it. It’s all due to their lower risk.
                    For approval, you need consistent cash flow and good bank account
                    management. You should be in business at least one year with
                    least $10,000 in revenue. And you must manage your bank account
                    responsibly. This means extra funds in your account at the end of each
                    month.
                    Loan amounts run from $10,000 to $50,000.

                    11. Inventory Financing
                    With Inventory Financing get a low rate credit line. This is by using
                    current inventory as collateral. Secure a credit line for 50% of your
                    current inventory value if your inventory is worth $500,000 or higher.
                    Get approval for a line with rates as low as 5% regardless of your
                    personal credit quality.
                    Inventory financing is very easy to qualify for, as you won’t need financials
                    or good credit for approval. To qualify for inventory financing, your
                    business must have an existing inventory, valued over $500,000. The
                    inventory might be of supplies, retail merchandise, or materials used
                    to produce your product. Or it can be other non-obsolete inventory.
                    The lender will review your existing inventory and is also interested
                    in the quality of your inventory management system. With qualifying
                    inventory, get fast approval with just a review of inventory records.
                    Loan amounts of $250,000 to $500,000 are available.




8   routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of





     12. Business Credit
     With all previous cards mentioned, you need good CONSUMER credit
     for approval. But what if your personal credit isn’t good, and you don’t
     have a guarantor? This is when BUILDING BUSINESS CREDIT makes a ton
     of sense. Even if you have good personal credit, building your business
     credit helps you get even more money. And it’s all without a personal
     guarantee.
     Business credit is credit in a business’s name,
     linked to the business’s EIN, not the owner’s
     SSN. When done right, you can get business
     credit with no personal credit check and no
     personal guarantee. This is something all
     other cards mentioned can’t deliver. You can
     get three types of business credit cards.
     The vendor credit tier offers net 20 terms used to start a business credit
     profile. With the retail credit tier, get credit cards with high limits at
     most stores. With the cash and fleet credit tiers, get Visa, MasterCard,
     and Amex cards to use anywhere. You can get these with no credit check
     or guarantee. Limits are often $5,000 – 10,000 to start, and can exceed
     $50,000.

     Summary
     In this guide we’ve outlined 12 different types of business credit cards
     and lines you can get now. There are options available or challenged
     personal credit. And there are options if you have no collateral, even if
     you have no cash flow.
     For more details on these 12 funding options, check out our full webinar
     here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJjZU252ckU.
     These 12 options are some of many funding options that are available
     for your business. Visit www.creditsuite.com/getfunding. Discover all the
     funding you can qualify for now, with hundreds of lenders and every
     legitimate business funding option available today.




routinely grants authorization for reproduction or use of this work, in whole or in part. If you would like to use any portion of
                                                                                                                                       9